Hey I'm Bradley Hasenmaier and I am thrilled to give you a quick look at the 2020 Acura RLX Sport
Hybrid. With its refined styling, accelerated performance capabilities, and premium features,
the RLX Sport Hybrid delivers the perfect balance of sophistication and muscle. Ready to see for
yourself? Let's go. I need my car to look great. I want the kind of automobile that when I walk out
of the grocery store, I see it in the parking lot and I say, that's my car. Bold, sophisticated
styling Acura really found the balance there. You've got a sculpted hood, you've got a diamond
pentagon grill, you've got the jewel eye LED lights, 19 inch wheels, and all of this greatness
comes standard. And then when you go to the interior it only gets better. Where you're
greeted with this premium cabin and precision craftsmanship. I mean take for instance the
steering wheel. Beautifully stitched, beautiful leather. These seats, 12-way adjustable, heated
and ventilated, soft Milano leather. Ooh, it's very comfy. I've got fantastic leg room up here
and leg room in the back for my friends and my passengers. I mean, it's like we're all riding
first class, baby. How about this for convenience? The dual action armrest opens for the driver,
Opens for the passenger, one push button, slides all the way back, revealing a place
to plug in your phone, that's super smart for your super smart phone.
Speaking of super smart, how about a GPS linked solar sensing system that measures the sun's
position and intensity to adjust cabin temperatures.
What?
Mind blown!
And as if all that wasn't enough, Acura went ahead and made its Acura watch, advanced safety
a driver assistance technology package, standard, huh, standard, that has a nice ring to it
doesn't it?
This package includes forward collision warning, collision mitigation braking, lane departure
warning, lane keeping assist, road departure mitigation and adaptive cruise control, standard
across all trims.
And while you're checking out that list, let me highlight one of those for you, head up
display, yes this is a super cool technology, you've got to pay a lot of money for this
and other cars, it comes standard.
Essentially, it projects information onto the windshield ahead of you, things like your
speed or your turn-by-turn navigation.
So it seems like one of the most compelling reasons to put the Acura RLX Sport Hybrid
on your shopping list is the fact that it comes loaded with so many of these cool standard
features.
This isn't your basic boring hybrid.
It utilizes the same kind of technology found in the NSX.
And this RLX Sport Hybrid isn't just some cushy, sophisticated piece of machinery.
Now this thing is fun to drive.
It has a whopping 377 total system horsepower.