I've been dreaming for working at Audi my whole life.
When I was a kid, why was I dreaming working for Audi?
That was in 1984, when Audi found itself through its success
in the World Rally Championship.
Where you have Walter Wuerl and Michel Mouton
winning with the UF Quattro, with the first Quattro.
And this was the first moment of truth for Audi,
the game-changing truth.
And then, from the 90s onward,
where Audi had again game-changers,
The Audi A3, which was the first premium compact car.
It was the Audi A8 with aluminum space front technology.
It was the A7 where we founded the Sportback segment.
And now it's time for the next game changer.
It is the start of a new era and it's an Atron full stop.
The first moment of truth for the Audi Atron was on the 11th of December, 2013.
The very one thing that we decided was we knew we want to go into a large premium SUV.
So this was from the very first beginning, a clear target.
What I'm most proud of is that the Audi Aetron is 100.0% an Audi.
You will see, smell, feel Audi in its design, in its quality, in its workmanship, in its technology.
In 10 years from now, we will talk about e-tron the same we talk about Quattro.
It will be in the heart, in the essence, in the DNA of Audi.
I think at Audi we are obsessed with making things perfect.
We go actually beyond what would be expected.
If someone says it doesn't work, it's not possible, we still try.
Audi, the e-tron is definitely a milestone.
It's the beginning of something new at Audi.
The biggest thing in Audi's history in the last 40 years.
We are convinced that electric driving is the future.
We had to incorporate every single bit of knowledge and expertise over many, many decades.
The sky is full of surprises.
Like the all-new brake system, air suspension, the first all-electric Quattro drivetrain.
It's a really big step forward. It leads the way to the future here.
It's these moments where you think it's something completely fresh, completely new.
And it was absolutely exciting to be part of that.
So the market is coming.
It's just the right time to bring the e-tron.
It is a no compromise battery electric vehicle.
We have towing capacity, roof rails,
a large storage capacity, just like you expect from an SUV.
Even imagine that an SUV can drive like this.
That's an enormous feeling.
After many, many years of the World War,
you can see the result is a really special moment.
In the end, we managed to make something
It was impossible, somehow possible.
At the end of the day, it's 100% an Audi,
and if you love Audi, you will really love that car.