In the same way as the RX previously pioneered a new luxury SUV segment, the NX mission is to appeal to a new generation of users with useful senses. In other words, I strongly desired to create a vehicle that would become an opportunity for people who were up until now not very interested in Lexus to become avid Lexus fans. The concept was Premium Urban Sports Gear.
So how did we express this concept through the exterior design? We had many ideas. But, as the NX is the most compact SUV in the Lexus lineup, the aim was to demonstrate a feeling of sports car-like agility despite being an SUV while also being fully suitable for urban use.
Development of the design also progressed with the knowledge that we had to have an aggressive form in order to make functionality and performance as sports gear evident at a glance. I imagined this vehicle as a boxer. Specifically, a lightweight boxer.
With a body trained to remove all excess body fat yet keen and nimble with incredible power concentrated inside, that was the kind of vehicle I wanted to make and that was the image behind development of the design.
During the process of creating the design for the NX, in order to give shape to images such as solid strength and condensed impression, we not only drew sketches, but we also created image models using various materials. Through this process, the most challenging design was chosen in the end.
The design concept was simple, with the non-cabin space at the front and rear boldly trimmed away to form a diamond-shaped body and the wheels positioned at the four corners. Through the combination of edgy and naked solid shapes and their Lexus-like deep interconnectedness, we were able to make a vehicle with that kind of sculptural expression.
However, this design presented a large challenge for mass production. To tell the truth, we encountered initial resistance from the engineering and production members in the product stage. However, these people also developed a strong passion for the design and made outstanding efforts in their respective areas. Thanks to their cooperation, we were able to complete the development of this design.
The interior goal was to design a cabin atmosphere that directly invokes the vehicle concept. Our core idea was to create a frame with the structural beauty of a high-performance machine with a material feel that maximizes the feeling of functionality. During the idea stage, we studied strong structural forms and beautiful natural forms as well as creating 3D collages with genuine materials such as metal and leather.
We spent a lot of time trying to find out how to create a real sense of gear. In order to express a strong SUV frame, we tried carving pure metal into a bold mass and wrapped it with leather to investigate how the human-machine interface should feel in pursuit of gear essence.
One focus was the center frame that pierces through the cabin to symbolize the vehicle's frame. Although it's very large, it was made possible by the enthusiasm of the development team.
It is strongly embedded into the instrument panel. Knee pads with a strong feeling of tension are located on both sides of it, firmly supporting the driver. Located between them is the touchpad. This next generation remote touch interface creates an advanced impression.
We also aimed for a taut expression for the instrument panel and door trim that invokes the inner frame, while ingeniously using seat and pad thickness and the quilting pattern accent to express the vehicle's SUV nature. The dynamic frame with its tough metallic feel and the materials wrapped around it, it provides contrasting textures in tautness and softness depending on if the area is touched or only seen.
I believe we succeeded in creating a unique atmosphere that enables the incisive simplicity and intriguing elegance of Lexus sports gear the instant they get inside. By thoroughly pursuing the unprecedented SUV with an aggressive design in both exterior and interior, the NX was born. We are confident that everyone who sees it will be able to feel the new worldview of Lexus.