Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Head of Lexus Europe, Pascal Rouche. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It's really my pleasure to welcome you to Lexus. It has been nearly 30 years ago since we launched our brand. If you think about it, Lexus was a disruptor at that time, demonstrating that we could build innovative products with great performance and incredible quality.
Of course, at the center was and always will be our commitment to providing a personalized and exceptional customer experience. Over the years, we have leveraged our disruptor mindset and our DNA of product innovation.
by introducing industry-first technologies in many fields, such as active safety, car manufacturing, and onboard premium features. Other innovations include bringing the first premium crossover to the market with the RX. And of course, our industry-leading self-charging hybrid has been nothing short of amazing.
Since we introduced this new technology to the premium market back in 2005, we have sold more hybrids than all of our competitors, especially in the premium market combined. Today, we have the largest range of premium self-charging hybrids on the market, with over 1.3 million sold globally
and more than 350,000 here in Europe. Our disruptor mindset and the Lexus DNA have extended to the design of our vehicles. The Lexus Signature Grille has become a hallmark in the industry and we have collected many awards for innovation in design, such as with the recently launched LC. Now, let's take a look at some of the vehicles we have today with us here on the stand.
Ten years ago, we introduced the F Mark, combining muscular design, authentic sports performance, and cutting-edge technologies. Today, we present here in Geneva the car that brings this milestone to life, the RC F 10th Anniversary Edition. This will be a limited run of only 350 units globally,
and European customers can expect to take delivery by the end of the summer. Now let's look further into the future. At the recent Detroit Motor Show, we have revealed our vision of a new type of flagship crossover with the Lexus LF1 Limitless Concept. And today, it's making its European premiere here in Geneva. This amazing vehicle signals our future design direction.
It's combining crossover capabilities with outstanding performance, innovative features and Lexus true quality. The LF-1 Limitless Concept is like a co-pilot, anticipating the needs of its driver and its passenger.
For example, it has a virtual assistant with links to navigation, radar, and cameras to provide advanced predictive capabilities. As a further proof of our disruptor mindset and commitment to innovation, this vehicle is capable of hosting any powertrain, self-charging hybrid, plug-in hybrid, battery electric, or even fuel cell.
Limitless is more than just the name of the concept vehicle. It's also how we see our opportunities for the coming years. Already today, 98% of our sales in Western Europe are electrified. And we will continue playing a leading role in the electrification trend in the global automotive industry. Now let's turn to more immediate product news.
Our next launch is just around the corner. It's the RX-L, our first seven-seater to be offered in Western Europe. The RX-L retains the stylish and elegant design of the RX, while offering even more space and versatility. This has been achieved by optimizing vehicle packaging with only 110mm additional length.
The third row passenger also benefits from great comfort and luxury, for example thanks to a three-zone climate control system. And on top, Darix L offers great luggage space flexibility behind the third row. Ladies and gentlemen, with close to 75,000 Lexus sales in 2017 in Europe, the highest ever, we achieved our fourth consecutive year of sales growth.
But our ambition is to get to 100,000 vehicles in Europe by 2020. One model will strongly contribute to this objective and to the growth of the Lexus brand globally. It's one of our most exciting product launches ever. Ladies and gentlemen, it's really my pleasure to introduce now, in world premiere, the new Lexus UX.
Ladies and gentlemen, the new Lexus UX. Thank you very much. This is a new type of crossover and I can tell you, everyone at Lexus was excited to reveal it to the world today. Among us, there is maybe even one person who is probably even more passionate about the car than everyone else.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Mrs. Shika Kaku, Lexus Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer of the new UX. Good morning, Lexus guests. Thank you for joining us on this special occasion. The Lexus UX introduces a new genre crossover. It is built for modern adventures who prefer an imaginative, refined lifestyle.
and who are on the non-stop adventures to experience it. We call them creative urban explorers. The aim for the UX was not to conform to the established solid crossover look, but to achieve a compact design that is both strong and stylish, breaking with the conventions of the segment to deliver something more distinctive and dynamic.
The vehicle's interior was very important to me because that is where driver and car connect. The UX cabin is very stylish with high quality materials designed by the best Japanese classmanship and an inside-out philosophy inspired by traditional style of Japanese architecture which blows the boundary between the inside and outside of a house.
The foundation for the vehicle's dynamic performance focuses on enabling nimble and instant response to driver inputs, while maintaining a sense of stability and safety. For more on what's under the UX hood, here is Pascal. Thank you very much, Kakus, and for such a fantastic and great vehicle. Thank you very much again.
In terms of powertrains, of course our self-charging hybrid technology will play a key role in the UX lineup, especially here in Europe. The UX250H will feature a new generation 2.0-litre petrol engine combined with a compact electric motor, or even two in the case of the all-wheel drive version.
This powertrain will bring segment-leading fuel efficiency as well as smooth and dynamic driving experience. The UX will also be available as a UX 200 with a brand new 2.0-liter petrol engine and transmission, delivering superior efficiency and direct acceleration feeling. So, ladies and gentlemen, as you can see with this UX,
the other models here on display today in Geneva, and our ongoing commitment to innovative powertrain, Lexus will continue to disrupt the market. Let me now also introduce the Chief Designer of the UX, Mr. Tetsuo Miki, Chief Branding Officer, Mr. Tokuo Fukuichi, and finally, I would like to invite on stage the President of Lexus International, Mr. Yoshiro Sawa, to join us for the photoshoot.
Thank you very much for your attention. Please take some time today to discover the UX and all the other models on display. Enjoy the rest of the day in Geneva. Thank you very much.