So Murray says that they were two hours late. So maybe two o'clock over in Pontiac, we'll set up a section. Yeah, we'll block it off.
I'm very excited to be here today standing in the midst of one of the newest and I'd argue one of the best looking showrooms in the industry. Completely revitalized the Saturn showroom. The Saturn brand exemplifies the change going on within General Motors. We are committed to appropriate and affordable technology, quality without compromise, and of course truly great design. This is how we're positioning General Motors for
As a result, General Motors is introducing new vehicle after new vehicle, all aimed at capturing the hearts of our customers. In fact, 40% of our sales volume is tied to new products this year, and Saturn is certainly getting its fair share. You know, it was less than a year ago that the Saturn sky hit the streets and initiated this brand's major revitalization.
We quickly followed up with the Aura mid-sized sedan, which was recently named North American Car of the Year by a panel of automotive journalists, including many of you here today. We'll soon start production of the Aura Green Line. This vehicle gets a terrific 28 miles per gallon in the city and 35 miles per gallon on the highway. That's a 30% improvement over the high-featured V6 in the standard Aura. A few weeks ago, the Outlaw crossover went on to ride the Saturn showrooms.
And in just a few more weeks, the all-new Saturn Vue will be joining. We're not stopping there. Later this year, our retailers will get the Saturn Vue Redline and the Vue Greenline, shown for the first time here ever in Chicago, two exciting variants of this sporty crossover. Along with this distinctive appearance, the Vue Redline is equipped with a 250 horsepower V6 and a 6-speed automatic transmission.
The NewView Green Line offers the same affordable hybrid system as its credit sensor. Only in a sleeker sportier package. Put it all together, we have a great mix of new products from the Saturn showroom. And as I said, a terrific example of how Gene's product revitalization is taking shape.
Today, I'm pleased to continue the trend of producing a car that not only caps off Saturn's product renewal, but also marks another important step in GM's commitment to getting back in the North American garden. It's the Saturn Astra, a car that's been widely priced for its great design and technology. It's been a smash hit in Europe, where we sold more than half a million units last year.
We introduced an updated Astra at the Bologna Motor Show in December, and with some very minor modifications, we're bringing this terrific small car to North America as the Saturn Astra. As we continue our product assault to reclaim our place in the car market, this vehicle just makes sense. It's a car that is loaded with interior refinements and advanced safety features, and just as important, it's incredibly fun to drive. Ladies and gentlemen, the 2008 Saturn Astra.
As excited as we all are for the arrival of the new Saturn, there's probably no one more excited than Saturn's General Manager, my friend, Jill A. Jackson. Well, the new face of Saturn is clearly evident in the Astra, and it completes the picture of our all-new vehicle and portfolio with expressive style.
Astra's three-door and five-door models are tailor-made for urban convenience and highway cruising, with outstanding functionality and flexibility. The 1.8-liter EcoTech engine of the Saturn Astra will deliver good power and great fuel economy. It inherits all the outstanding autobahn-tuned driving dynamics of its European sibling, the Opel Astra. The Astra is currently one of the safest cars in Europe.
and the Saturn Astra will be no different here in North America. Electronic stability control with traction control and standard four-wheel disc brakes with ABS work together to help drivers steer clear of crashes. Six standard airbags, a rigid body structure, and collapsible foot pedals all help protect occupants from harm. At Saturn, we've never taken our eye off the ball when it comes to safety.
Now the Astro will arrive in Saturn showrooms in the fourth quarter of the year. And when it does, Saturn will have the freshest portfolio in the industry, with the oldest offering, the Saturn Sky. And it's all happened in 20 months, from Sky to Astro. And we're starting to see results. Sales for Saturn last year were up 6% over the previous year. Overall market was down.
We fully intend to have that trend continue. This complete turnover of the Saturn product lineup provides a tremendous opportunity. But we're also ever mindful that our greatest asset has been how we treat customers.
Saturn is number one among non-luxury brands when it comes to the J.D. Power sales satisfaction index. And it's due to how this brand does business. Things like no hassle, no hayball, a 30-day, 1,500-mile exchange program, new owner clinics, just to name a few. You know, America fell in love with this brand, fell in love with this brand through its spirit of innovation, our drive for innovation.
And this no-showroom of product is certainly a testament to our product innovation. But we're also driven to innovate when it comes to great customer handling. And once again, we're going to raise the bar within the industry. Today we're also announcing that we're taking the next step in our shopping, buying, and our ownership experience. Taking it to the next level with 24-7 online chats and test drives at home or office.
That's right, Saturn, the first automotive brand to make this move in the marketplace. At any time, you can go now online and initiate a chat with a Saturn representative, ask about our products, find a retailer, or make an appointment for a test drive at home or office. Saturn remains committed to providing the best customer care, period.
With our new showroom of products giving America exactly what they want from this brand, beautifully expressive styling, and our combination with industry-leading customer care, we certainly intend to satisfy many, many more customers.
You've watched us grow over the last year as we've expanded our portfolio. And I want you to know that I'm absolutely thrilled that you're with us today, joining us as we put a capstone on our revitalization. Please come take a closer look at today's event.
