Let it wash over me
me off to the place where one reveals life's mystery steady on down the line lose every sense of time take it all in wake up that's one part of me day to day i'm blind to see and find how far to go everybody got the reason everybody got the wing we're just catching and releasing what builds up throughout the day it gets into your body flows right through your blood
President of Infinity Motor Company Roland Krueger ladies and gentlemen good morning Welcome to Geneva and welcome to infinity the year 2017 has kicked off strong for infinity with 21% growth globally We already had two record months this follows an all-time high
globally in 2016 where we sold more than 230,000 vehicles worldwide and It shows that at infinity. We're building momentum our success is based on many factors including infinity's major product offensive Last year here in Geneva. We debuted the all-new Q30 infinity's first entry into the premium compact segment
The Q30 and its system model, the QX30, has been since launched globally in Europe, in the United States, and in China, and both cars have been very well received by our customers. Also last year, we launched the all-new Q60 Sports Coupe, Infiniti's brand shaper. The Q60 Coupe is an outstanding sports car with daring design and exhilarating performance.
Just six months after the launch, it outperformed its competitors in growth and gained a significant share in the sports coup segment in the United States. These results confirm Infiniti's strong position as a luxury performance brand. The Q60 especially embodies Infiniti's brand positioning with a daring design language that communicates a sense of powerful elegance, ready to perform, and an unmistakable Infiniti signature.
and with class-leading technologies, autonomous drive functions, steer-by-wire and a completely new V6 twin-turbo engine. This clear direction with daring design and forward-looking technologies provides a consistency, infinity experience throughout every single touchpoint. Our technologies bring empowering performance, enabling our drivers to see further, react faster and drive better.
It's all about empowering the drive. Empowering the drive our customers in our journey through the experience with us, whether it's our products, with our technologies, our services, or simply a passion for driving.
Infiniti was one of the pioneers in automotive driving when we launched the world's first direct adaptive steering or steer-by-wire system for the new Q50 in 2013. Our autonomous drive technology is called ProPILOT as it serves as a co-pilot keeping the driver in the equation.
The technology will empower the driver to have a choice of autonomous driving when the driver wants it and when the driver needs it. Our CEO, Mr. Gohne, announced in the beginning of this year that we see ourselves as the architects assembling the right technologies, the right partnerships, and the right business innovations to achieve zero emissions and zero fatalities on the road. Infiniti is proud to be part of a company that is making this vision a reality.
And today we have another proof point. There is no better vehicle to showcase these technologies than the Q50 sedan.
The Q50 is one of the few vehicles in the market that can be driven with autonomous drive functions. And it's our top-selling car globally. So today, the Q50 has yet again moved forward to the next level, becoming even better and more advanced. So ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the new Infiniti Q50.
Here it is, the new Infiniti Q50. The new Q50 carries all of the brand-defining design language of Infiniti. A new design of the front with our unmistakable Infiniti double-arch grille that conveys an immediate sense of power and purpose and provides a focal point for every single line of the vehicle. The new lower air intake that hints the power of our drivetrains.
The focused human eye headlights, Infiniti's front signature giving the car an intense look and feel. The low stance and dynamic proportions with a strong character line leading into the shoulder of the car and the brand defining question cut C-pillar. The new rear design now features the Infiniti unique rear light graphics that make this car unmistakably an Infiniti.
The new Q50, our flagship sedan, will be offered with various grades catering to the preferences of our customers, differentiating clearly between the Sport and the Premium version which are shown here today.
With this, we will also refresh the great structure of our product lineup to clearly communicate the differentiation of packages for our customers. We will offer five different engine variants, starting with a class-leading 3.0-liter V6 twin-turbo engine capable of 400 horsepower. We call it the Red Sport 400 or simply Q50 Red S. Our customers appreciate the performance of this high-output engine.
But the new Q50 also comes with a 3.5 liter V6 direct response hybrid engine capable of 365 horsepower and a 50 kilowatt electric motor signaled with a blue S for the hybrid system.
And for our customers who simply like the sporty look of the Q50, we now offer the Silver S with our fuel-efficient 4-cylinder petrol and diesel engines, as well with our best-selling 3.0-litre V6 twin-turbo 300hp engine. This grade-walk, from the Premium specification to the Silver S to the Blue S and to the Red S, will offer a high level of individualisation for our customers worldwide.
But we will not stop there. As a brand that is always striving forward, Infiniti is excited to explore the potential of a top performance grade in our product lineup, especially utilizing our resourceful partnerships within the Alliance. Last night, here in Geneva, we unveiled the Project Black S.
Infiniti, working together with Renault Sport, envisions Q60 Black-Ass performance hybrid vehicle to explore a top performance grade for our brand. Infiniti's collaboration with the Renault Formula One team is unique in its setup. The technical partnership of the development of the hybrid system for the new Formula One race car that Renault Sport unveiled only two weeks ago.
So we look forward to see the black ass come alive in a joint teamwork between Infiniti Engineering and Renault Sport. Ladies and gentlemen, Infiniti has gained momentum and continues to grow globally. Our brand direction is consistently applied through all new product developments and all touchpoints with our customers and a brand. With forward-looking technologies and a unique signature design.
Our flagship sedan, the Q50 shown here today, shows our ambition, our determination and our capability to shape the future of Infiniti. To give Infiniti further growth and to carry Infiniti forward in order to become one of the top tier players in the premium car industry. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your attention. Thank you.
