Please welcome Group Vice President and General Manager, Toyota Division, Toyota Motor North America, Jack Hollis.
Sporting events in one day. They saw the Kings. They saw the Rams. Then they saw the Galaxy. Then they saw the Clippers. Then they closed out the day at Dodger Stadium to see the end of the World Series. That was a bit heartbreaking for LA fans, for sure. But that idea of five things, that's a pretty aggressive day. And today, I kind of feel like taking on five projects. Because I have five new vehicles to tell you about.
We got the all-new 2019 RAV4. We have the U.S. first-ever Corolla Hybrid. We have the amazing 2019 Toyota Prius. And then we have the exciting TRD Camry and TRD Avalon. So while you're here today, you can say that we have something for everyone. So let's start with our best seller, which is also the most popular vehicle in the U.S. that's not a truck, the Toyota RAV4. Think about it. It actually created
It created the small crossover segment more than 20 years ago, and we have an all-new 2019 RAV4 on its way to our dealerships right now. And let me just thank, we have quite a few of our Toyota dealers here with us. I want to thank you for being the greatest dealers in this industry. Yeah, I like that. Now, the RAV4's got all-new styling, great handling, and outstanding fuel mileage. In fact, the RAV4 Hybrid gets an estimated 41 miles per gallon in the city.
That's phenomenal. Now, check out the all-new RAV4 at any time, and I'm confident you're going to agree that this will be the best, most popular RAV4 ever. Now, with RAV4 and our full lineup of crossover vehicles making up over 60% of our Toyota sales, here's what we are frequently asked. So is Toyota still committed to selling cars? Well, I'm here to tell you that while others might be abandoning cars, at Toyota we're doubling down.
This commitment continues with the all-new Corolla. And we started a few months back with the introduction of the 2019 Corolla Hatchback. It's come out of the gate strong, and guests are gravitating to its sporty looks and great driving dynamics, and even the fact that you can still get it with a six-speed manual transmission. Yeah, I know, I agree. Yeah, for all you drivers out there. But in case you've all missed it, here's a quick look at the hot new Corolla Hatch.
So Corolla Hatchback is a great addition to our lineup, and it's the first of the dynamic trio of the Corolla family. Now, as you may know, Corolla is the best-selling nameplate in the world, with more than 46 million Toyota Corollas sold worldwide. And the debut of the 12th generation Corolla was just two weeks ago, while we did a simultaneous launch in China and Carmel, California. But there's one Corolla that we've kept under wraps until now.
So ladies and gentlemen, the USA's first ever Corolla Hybrid. Now Corolla Hybrid's 1.8 liter engine incorporates the latest technology to maximize fuel efficiency while minimizing emissions. Corolla Hybrid's estimated MPG is more than 50 miles per gallon, which is obviously going to carry you plenty on your days on the 405 or the 91 or the 60 or the 605 or whichever freeway you like to travel on. And we've crafted Corolla from the ground up.
This new TNG platform allows the guests to feel the emotion that our talented engineers envisioned by providing improved handling and outstanding driving dynamics. The 2020 Corolla comes standard with second generation Toyota Safety Sense or TSS. Now, I know we talk about safety a lot because it is paramount to every single vehicle that we sell.
But what does that really mean? Well, every new Corolla has key features that optimize driver safety like full speed, dynamic radar cruise control, lane departure alert with steering assist, lane tracing assist, pre-collision system with pedestrian detection for day and low light conditions. This system can also detect bicyclists in the daytime. And get this, this car can even detect road signs.
and has auto high beams. And all of that is standard, standard equipment. So who says you can't have it all? Most of our competitors. And while we're at it, we're going to turn some heads with a new sporty front facia featuring a honeycomb mesh grill, standard LED headlamps and tail lamps, and sleek and sporty exterior styling. Okay, so how much more could you ask for? Well, you should be asking
for a next-level interior to match. So that's what we've done. We know that technology is mission-critical, so we've upgraded. The instrument panel features a class-leading standard 8-inch touchscreen display, and we've added Entune 3.0. Now, this suite of services includes Apple CarPlay and Amazon Alexa, both of which come standard, unlike in most of Corolla's competitors. And this Corolla even comes with standard Wi-Fi. Now, all of this technology
Plus, an incredible hybrid engine comes all of your way next spring, when the first ever Corolla Hybrid arrives in dealerships. And listen, we're excited to have Corolla as our newest member of the ever-growing hybrid family at Toyota. Driving a hybrid is a seamless way for customers to adopt electrification, and they'll have even more options to choose from in coming years. Now, Toyota?
We're proud to say that, you know, we've invented the first hybrid vehicle ever more than 20 years ago. And the name Prius, well, it's become synonymous with forward-thinking technology. Well, the new 2019 Prius takes that idea to a whole new level. Now, all Prius models will feature great new styling, and it will continue with outstanding fuel efficiency up to 58 miles per gallon in city driving. But a lot of Prius, you know, drivers, they venture out of the city.
And Prius has always been surprisingly versatile, but now we're taking that versatility even further with available all-wheel drive. By providing additional traction in kind of that inclement weather, you know, like snow or rain, the new all-wheel drive E system gives you the confidence to expand your horizons. So let's take a look at the 2019 Prius with all-wheel drive. Okay, now it's not too often that you've seen a Prius with roof rails and snowboards on top, correct?
But here in LA, you can go surfing on one day and snowboarding on the next. And Prius is just a vehicle to help you do that. The 2019 Prius has an eye-catching new look really from every angle. As the front comes around, you're going to see it's the redesigned fascia with new headlamps and new LED accessory lamps to give it a kind of a more sleek and stylish look. In the rear, you're going to see the smoother bumper and redesigned tail lamps that give Prius a wider look.
And now that the available all-wheel drive allows you to take your Prius to kind of more varied terrain, you want to make sure that you have all the room you need to take all the gear that you have, right? I mean, you've got to have the space. Well, with up to 27.4 cubic feet of cargo space, even with the seats up, Prius has the largest cargo capacity of any car in the segment and 36% more than the largest full-size sedan.
Yeah, say that again. More cargo space than a full-size sedan. And of course, we can't talk Prius without bragging a little bit about its fuel efficiency. This Prius with all-wheel drive gets 52 miles per gallon in the city. That makes it the most fuel-efficient, all-wheel drive hybrid in America.
The new Prius with all-wheel drive E will be available this January, and with its new styling, outstanding cargo capacity, and of course, amazing fuel efficiency, this new Prius is a perfect example of Accio Toyota's pledge to make ever better cars. Okay, but we're not stopping there. We are thrilled to bring some of the excitement of the track and racing to the road with the first ever TRD Camry and TRD Avalon.
Toyota's most fun-to-drive sedans ever. Take a look over here. We've tapped into our Toyota Racing development heritage and teamed up with our designers at Kalti to create these models. From the striking front and side aero kits to the rear diffusers and dynamic rear spoiler, these cars were designed to visually represent what TRD means at every angle. But these cars don't just look good.
They've got racing chops as well, and they drive great. Our engineers developed these tracks, these vehicles, at tracks around the world. And every area of the chassis was studied to improve handling agility and control while still maintaining the everyday driveability that we all demand. The combination of stiffer springs, shocks, and body braces results in more confident vehicle cornering while giving the sedans a sportier, lower stance.
Upgraded brakes in signature TRD Red and paired with wider and lighter matte black 19-inch wheels for improved ride quality and braking performance. You, everyone around you, will know that these cars are something special from the moment that you start the engine. And here, the bold exhaust note coming from the polished stainless steel TRD embossed exhaust tips. Now, look for TRD Camry and TRD Avalon to arrive in our dealerships about a year from right now. Okay.
I talked about five, so did I cover all five? I talked about the RAV4, Corolla Hybrid, Prius all-wheel drive, and our new TRD Camry and TRD Avalon. But wait, sometimes when you all come and get to the LA Auto Show, we got a little surprise for you. So maybe there's a sixth car we should tell you about. You might have heard a rumor that we have a new Supra coming. And I know that sports car fans around the world have been waiting nearly two decades for this new Supra. So are you finally ready to see it? Yeah. All right, I'm ready to show you. Camera's ready.
countdown with me three two one go there it is that's the nameplate on the back of the new Supra come on I'm not about ready to show that to you yet we need you to be with us in Detroit January 14th at the International Auto Show but I wanted to have some fun with you we know that that vehicles coming we excited about our sixth car yeah I know I know it's kind of fun right well hey listen I want to thank you for spending the best 12 minutes of your day with us go have a great rest of your day
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. See you, everybody.
