We defined this model in a really early stage, more exclusive, more elegant.
We wanted to have an even more higher positioned car.
My name is Markus Ivele, and I'm part of the Audi Sport product marketing team
and responsible for the Audi RS Q8.
We want to have all typical RS genes in the car.
We want to have good acceleration values.
We want to, of course, ensure these performance figures.
We implemented a V8 4-liter bi-turbo engine.
we have actually the engine from the Lamborghini Urus and we have a bigger transmission with
massive 800 Nm of torque and with this power output we are able to accelerate the car from
0 to 100 kmph in less than 4 seconds. If you think about Audi Light we've been introducing
innovation constantly, actually thinking out of the box and we thought with digitalization it's
time to design out of the box. My name is Cesar Montara, I'm the head of the light department
at Audi. When you unlock the RS Q8 you will have a completely different experience. You will feel
the DNA of the Audi Sport. The light segments will move much quicker. They will come one after the
other in a very quick sequence and then especially in the rear after this quick sequence you will
have the light band switching on and it makes something very special. The rhythm is completely
different. It's a bit like an acceleration. It's telling you you're going to feel something special.
First time ever in the RS Q8 we offer our typical known RS super sport seats with the honeycomb stitching
for the first time with the massage and the cooling function. This is completely new in the RS Q8 and
this also gives the car this changeable character from driving really sporty to driving really
comfortable and this is reflected in our suspension offer as well. So we have in the RS Q8 a standard
air suspension and this allows the customer to adapt the car to the surface and the driving style.
What we of course open is a kind of a new dimension of RS interpretation with the RS Q8.
It is a challenge to make a real RS out of this huge body style and huge car but
in the end we were trying to do so and we successfully did.
