The 2022 Corolla Hybrid is a modern marvel, one that takes Toyota's legendary compact to the next level with its advanced hybrid powertrain. With amazing efficiency and performance, a wealth of cutting-edge technology, and some of the best safety features Toyota has to offer, this game-changer gives hybrid drivers new freedom to go farther. Let's see how Corolla Hybrid is built to take the lead. First off, efficiency.
we're talking about an incredible 52 miles per gallon combined. This is thanks to the hybrid system, which pairs a 1.8-liter four-cylinder gasoline engine with two electric motors that produce exceptional torque for that quick acceleration when you need it. And best of all, Corolla Hybrid doesn't need to be plugged in. Just gas it up and go.
And since this hybrid powertrain's compact battery pack fits under the rear seat, the spacious interior still offers great cargo room and flexibility, including a 60-40 split fold-down rear seat with center armrest. Also hiding below the rear seat area is a fully independent multi-link rear suspension that delivers both a comfortable ride and impressively agile handling when the roads get twisty.
On the outside, Corolla Hybrid looks just as great as the rest of the Corolla line, proving once and for all that you don't have to sacrifice style for efficiency. And this exterior also comes standard with full LED lighting, helping to provide crisp, clear visibility at night.
And inside, when it comes to in-car tech, Corolla Hybrid's standard 7-inch multi-information display ensures that drivers have important vehicle information directly in their line of sight. Corolla Hybrid also provides great support for charging your mobile devices thanks to its two USB charge ports.
Similarly, a 7-inch touchscreen audio multimedia system uses Corolla's USB media port to bring standard integration for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to Apple Music, Maps, Messages, and other favorite apps from their iPhone.
And Corolla Hybrid also includes Android Auto compatibility, which makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices, while Amazon Alexa compatibility keeps Amazon's digital assistant just a question away. Plus, there's a standard three-month SiriusXM All Access trial subscription to more than 300 radio channels accessible throughout the country.
And when it comes to peace of mind, Corolla Hybrid makes active safety a top priority with Toyota Safety Sense 2.0, a six-feature suite built around intuitive, high-tech functionality like Pre-Collision System with Bicyclist Detection, Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist. Corolla Hybrid's safety story doesn't stop at TSS 2.0, however, since it also comes with 10 standard airbags, including two rear-seat-mounted side airbags.
Plus, it can be equipped with Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert, which can detect vehicles in its blind spot and sense approaching traffic while you're in reverse. Last, but certainly not least, Corolla Hybrid has the lowest MSRP of any hybrid in the Toyota lineup. And this value story is taken even further through hybrid-specific features like its regenerative braking system, which can also help charge the battery and provide great brake life.
So that's a quick rundown of some great Corolla Hybrid highlights. With a world-class reputation that dates all the way back to 1966, Corolla has earned a well-deserved track record for quality, durability, and reliability. Once you add in Corolla Hybrid's winning combo of smart efficiency, advanced tech, and modern safety,
the classic Corolla formula takes a bold leap forward for a whole new generation. Top that all off with an approachable starting price, great ownership perks like the 2-year ToyotaCare No Cost Maintenance Plan with Roadside Assistance, as well as the 10-year 150,000-mile Hybrid Battery Warranty, and Corolla is ready for the open road like never before. Visit toyota.com to learn more.
