Toyota Highlander is all about striking the right balance. This midsize SUV offers the ideal combination of versatility, technology, and comfort, all wrapped in a stylish package. For 2024, Highlander returns and doubles down on design with the new Nightshade grade, which is based on the LE and XLE grades and comes standard with the efficient Toyota Hybrid system.
Together with its five core grades, Highlander's broad lineup makes it an enticing SUV with plenty of appeal. It's time to take a deep dive and discover what makes Highlander such a smart choice. With its chiseled looks, Highlander features a bold design, especially with its standard LED exterior lighting.
This is further enhanced by the Nightshade models, which amplifies Highlander's style with black-painted exterior accents and 18-inch alloy wheels that add a nice dose of eye-catching flair to complement its aggressive style. For an even sportier vibe, the XSE grade distinguishes itself with a specific front fascia featuring a black-painted mesh front grille, dual-tip exhaust, and black-painted 20-inch alloy wheels.
Meanwhile, Highlander's Limited and Platinum grades bring an upscale touch thanks to its extensive chrome-plated exterior accents and badges, as well as Super Chrome-finished 20-inch wheels for that sophisticated look and feel. Highlander makes accessing the cargo area a breeze thanks to the available height-adjustable power liftgate, complementing this eye-catching style with a healthy dose of usability. Highlander's interior prioritizes versatility and comfort.
This starts with a seating configuration, which allows Highlander to accommodate up to eight with the standard second row bench seats. On top of that, the 60-40 split fold down second and third row seating brings added versatility when it's time to fit both people and gear. Complementing all of this practicality is comfort that enhances every journey.
Features like standard three-zone automatic climate control, available power-adjustable heated and ventilated front seats, available heated second row captain's chairs, and an available heated steering wheel ensure occupants are comfortable on every drive. Finally, Highlander also enhances convenience with useful technologies like the standard Smart Key System, making it even easier to access the vehicle. When it comes to technology, Highlander delivers.
Every grade comes with the Toyota Audio Multimedia platform with either an 8-inch touchscreen on lower grades or an available 12.3-inch touchscreen on higher trims. Both versions include standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including maps, messages, podcasts, and music subscriptions.
In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices and access various apps and services from Google, including YouTube Music and Google Maps. Plus, there's a standard three-month SiriusXM PlatinumPlan trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in Cabin and even more on the SXM mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more.
Select grades also come with trials to Toyota's line of connected services, including Safety Connect, Service Connect, Remote Connect, Wi-Fi Connect, and Drive Connect. Additionally, an available 11-speaker JBL Premium audio system pumps out the tunes with incredible clarity, maximizing the audio multimedia experience. Finally, five USB ports and available Qi-compatible wireless charging keep mobile devices powered during long stints on the road.
What's more, available features like a 12.3-inch LCD multi-information display and a 10-inch head-up display not only put the key driving information in the driver's line of sight, they also give Highlander's interior a modern, technologically advanced feel.
When it comes to safety and convenience, Highlander has its bases covered. Every grade comes standard with Toyota Safety Sense 2.5+, which includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist.
Complementing that, Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert is also standard in all grades for enhanced assistance on the road. The added convenience and assistance don't stop there. Highlander makes maneuvering in tight spaces easy thanks to the available Panoramic View Monitor, as well as the available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking, both of which add an extra layer of alertness when driving through areas like narrow streets and alleyways.
When it comes to performance, Highlander shines with its refined yet efficient powertrains and capable all-wheel drive systems. Gas grades are powered by a turbocharged 2.4-liter four-cylinder engine, which produces a healthy 265 horsepower and 310 pound-feet of torque. Meanwhile, Highlander Hybrid Electric Vehicle uses a 2.5-liter four-cylinder hybrid EV system with 243 net combined horsepower.
For even more capability, Dynamic Torque Vectoring All-Wheel Drive is available on select grades, enhancing Highlander's capability in conditions that require additional traction. Plus, it comes with the available Multi-Terrain Select system, allowing drivers to tailor Highlander's performance based on the road surface it's driven on. On the other hand, Highlander Hybrid EV can be equipped with Electronic On-Demand All-Wheel Drive, which adds an additional electric motor to the rear axle.
resulting in enhanced grip when road conditions require it, and improved handling on dry pavement.
Additionally, a Trail Drive mode helps ensure Highlander Hybrid EV can get past rough and bumpy roads. For drivers in search of a sharper driving experience, Highlander XSE provides just that thanks to its standard sport-tuned suspension. What's more, Highlander can tow up to 3,500 pounds in its Hybrid EV grades and 5,000 pounds in its gas grades, giving it an extra layer of capability for bringing along gear on those epic family trips.
Best of all, Highlander's efficiency impresses with up to an EPA-estimated 25 mpg combined on gas grades, or up to an EPA-estimated 36 mpg combined in hybrid EV grades, ensuring that fuel stops are few and far between.
There's no denying that Toyota Highlander is an enticing mid-size SUV. From useful conveniences to cutting-edge tech, this SUV has it all. And it's backed by Toyota's reputation for quality, durability, and reliability. That doesn't stop there, because Highlander's value is also enhanced since it includes ToyotaCare, which provides two years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first, of scheduled maintenance.
and two years unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance. Furthermore, Highlander's hybrid EV grades have an 8-year or 100,000-mile hybrid system warranty, whichever comes first, and a 10-year or 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty, whichever comes first, making it a strong choice for long-term ownership.
Add all of this together, and it's clear that Highlander is a midsize SUV that's both versatile and desirable. Want to learn more? Discover Highlander today on toyota.com slash Highlander.
