The new Hyundai Sonata isn't just another car, it's a better car. And to show you how, we've invited a Toyota Camry owner to come and take it for a test drive to see for herself how the new Sonata makes every mile better. But what she doesn't know is that at the end of the test drive, she'll have a chance to win a cash prize by answering specific questions of the features and specifications of the Sonata that I'll reveal over the course of the day. So listen closely or you might miss something. Let's meet Angel.
Hi, my name is Angel. I'm from Los Angeles, California. I own a Toyota Camry, and I'm gonna be checking out the new Hyundai Sonata today. I'm thrilled, excited, so let's check it out. Nice to meet you.
Here's the car. What do you think? Wow, it's amazing. Look at that grill, the lights, the body shape, and that's a beautiful car. This is the 2018 Hyundai Sonata. It offers enhanced technology, including a standard 7-inch display audio system with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. Plus, it offers complimentary Blue Link connected car service for three years, which means that you can fire up the air conditioning from your kitchen or lock the doors with your smartwatch or even start the car with a mobile app.
Want to take it for a drive? Yes, I do. Tell me a little bit about you. What kind of driver are you? Do you like to drive? Oh, I love driving. We normally take a lot of road trips, so. So you got to spend a lot of time in the seat, a lot of time behind the wheel. What do you look for in a car?
space for my children, somewhere to charge our electronics. There's normally two tablets and three phones specifically going at one time. Well, for all that device charging you have to do, the Sonata has available wireless device charging. You can just put your phone right there in the center console and it'll charge while you're driving. Oh, my 12-year-old's gonna love that. You also have the 7-inch display audio system with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, so you can hook up your phone, listen to your tunes, and operate your phone and your messages right on the dashboard.
So you mean to tell me that I plug up my phone and all my hats are going to show right there? Yep, and you can safely operate those things without taking your hands off the wheel. I like that. You also get advanced safety technology. It offers standard blind spot detection with rear cross traffic alert and available automatic emergency braking, lane keep assist, and rear parking assistance system. It also offers seven airbags standard. Now in the spirit of advanced technology, we'd love to take you to Hyundai North America's new corporate headquarters in Fountain Valley.
And to get there, we'll take one of the most beautiful roads in California, the Pacific Coast Highway. Okay, Angel, I want to show you the smart cruise control with stop-start technology. So engage the cruise, set the speed, and let's see what happens. So the car in front of us is slowing down now. What's happening to our Hyundai Sonata? My feet are off the pedals, and it seems like I'm slowing down too. Oh my gosh.
It stopped on its own and my feet are still off the pedal. That's smart cruise control with stop-start technology. Oh my gosh. The Hyundai Sonata gauges the distance of the vehicle in front and even when you have cruise control engaged, maintains that safe distance even if the car in front of you comes to a stop. That is magic, okay? And when the car in front of you pulls out again, the Hyundai Sonata will as well. I don't have to sit there and keep jamming my foot into this thing. I could give my leg a rest.
Angel, over the course of the day, I've spoken a lot about the advanced safety and technology features of this car. Now I'm going to give you the chance to win up to $500 in cash prizes by answering some simple questions about the 2018 Hyundai Sonata. Ready for this? Yes, I'm ready. All right. First question. In inches, what is the size display of the standard audio system featuring Apple CarPlay and Android Auto? Seven inches. All right. First one right. Next question.
The 2018 Hyundai Sonata features what new standard safety technology? It's the side lights. They have a light sensor that blinks on both sides. When? When cars are in my blind spots. Right, so that would be called? That is the blind spot indicator. Blind spot detection system, I'll give it to you. It's blind spot detection system with rear cross traffic alert. Yes. I'm going to give you that one. Two correct. All right.
Third question. The Hyundai Sonata features three years of what complimentary service? Oh, the blue... What does it do? What does it...?
The Blue Link app. The Blue Link connected car. I'm going to give that to you. Three years of the Blue Link connected car service. Yes. That's three correct. That's my favorite one. That's amazing. All right. Next question. How many airbags does the Hyundai Sonata feature as standard? Oh, there are seven airbags. Look at that. Four correct. Now a simple one. True or false question. OK. The Hyundai Sonata is capable of detecting pedestrians or automobiles in front of it and automatically applying the brakes all by itself.
Oh, that's absolutely true. That's true. That's five out of five. That's absolutely true. You've done so well. I'm going to ask you a bonus question. Ready? Hyundai offers America's best... Warranty. Warranty. Six questions correct, Angel. I'm very impressed. Congratulations. Thank you. You won overall, and you've learned a lot about the Hyundai Sonata. Yes, I've learned so much. Wonderful car. Really stopped on its own, so that really made my day exciting. I had a really great time, and I can't wait to jump behind the wheel of one of these vehicles, hopefully very soon.
The 2018 Hyundai Sonata, our best Sonata ever.
