Senior Vice President to Andy Palmer. Good evening and thank you for joining us at the opening of the Infinity Center Piccadilly on the day when Infinity makes its capital debut adding London to a list of European cities that are now discovering Infiniti's inspired performance based on Japanese craftsmanship and Omotenashi, Japanese world renowned hospitality.
At Paris, we test its potential in Europe with the unveil of the IPL G Cabelais concept, another example of reinventing traditional craftsmanship and combining it with performance-inspired modernity. I persistently tested our other Paris debut, the M35 Hybrid. It's an example of how, through the way of infiniti and Japanese craftsmanship,
we will apply the world's best technologies to reduce CO2 emissions without sacrificing driving pleasure or engagement. In 2013, Infiniti will launch what could be the world's first luxury EV sedan, EV electric vehicle. It will be true to the Infiniti brand promise of inspired performance, but with zero carbon emission technology.
Its design will also be true to Infiniti as this sketch, produced by Shiro Nakamura, our Chief Creative Officer and his team here tonight, clearly shows. But that's the future. Back to this evening, thank you for listening. Please enjoy the rest of your night and Infiniti's capital debut. Thank you very much. I created this car for 20th year anniversary for Infiniti brand and this is sort of our showcase.
for future infinity design. So this one is expressing design cue and design identity for coming infinity model.
In the premium segment, this type of car, large sedan, is very, very important. Very important for establishing credibility. You know, it's still the heartland of the premium segment, but competing against cars like Mercedes E-Class, BMW 5 Series, Jaguar XJ, that type of vehicle. So to have something that's credible in that segment is very, very important for the brand. And the choice of engines? Yeah, three. Initially 3.7-litre petrol, as we have in our other cars. 3.0-litre V6 diesel from October.
550Nm of torque. Very, very credible performer. And then early next year we'll also introduce this car in hybrid. So a 3.5L hybrid system. So three different powertrains covering the complete market.
