Hello and welcome to another edition of Hyundai Showroom Walkaround. I'm Jesse, your product specialist and host, and I am so excited to be here today taking a look at a brand new Hyundai EV, the first ever IONIQ 6. Now this stunning four-door is all new for 2023, and today we're going to be talking about the top-of-the-line limited trim with H-TRAC all-wheel drive.
Now, IONIQ 6 is the newest member of the IONIQ family of electric vehicles, and it's built on the same electric global modular platform as our immensely popular IONIQ 5. And to me, it's the perfect example of Hyundai's electric innovations. Let's start by taking a look at an exterior design that's unlike anything Hyundai has put on the road before. You'll notice a very sporty all-new design language. It's extremely aerodynamic with a 0.219 drag coefficient.
In fact, it's our most aerodynamic Hyundai. This makes IONIQ 6 more efficient, which helps extend its range. It also has a longer wheelbase to maximize interior space. And we've incorporated our parametric pixel LED lighting throughout. Up front, you see the LED headlights and LED daytime running lights that create a futuristic yet retro look and are a signature part of IONIQ's brand design.
You can also see this design in way more than just the headlights as we take a look at the side mirrors and the outer door handles. Now speaking of door handles, they have an auto flush design that automatically pops open when they detect the smart key or fold flush for a streamlined look that helps improve aerodynamics. Another feature to help IONIQ 6 stand out are the available 20-inch alloy wheels. They have a bold race-inspired five-point design and low-profile tires to help handling performance.
They're standard on the SEL and Limited trims, while the SE trim gets 18-inch alloy wheels. The parametric pixel design continues with the aerodynamic rear spoiler and the LED tail lights in back. Now, you can't talk about electric vehicles without talking about charging, and the IONIQ 6 totally has you covered. Because when it comes to charging, IONIQ 6 can access the new ultra-fast 800-volt, 350-kilowatt DC chargers, which can dramatically reduce charging times.
Plus, the two-way 120-volt onboard power outlet lets you plug in your devices, tools, and appliances. You can either do that in the exterior charging port, which requires an adapter, or underneath the rear seats. And with those power outlets, you can transform IONIQ 6 into a mobile office by plugging in your laptop, take tailgating to the next level with a mini fridge and TV, and even enhance your outdoor adventures by plugging in electric grills, lighting, or inflating up air mattresses.
And while its charging capabilities and onboard power outlet are two great features, the road is where IONIQ 6 truly thrives. Every trim level is available in either a rear-wheel drive or a dual-motor all-wheel drive system with enhanced traction for snowy, slippery conditions and better handling and cornering. And no matter what you get, rear-wheel drive or all-wheel drive, you're going to get plenty of power and plenty of torque.
Now, you can also choose how IONIQ 6 drives with Drive Mode Select. Rear-wheel drive offers Normal, Eco, Custom, and Sport drive modes. All-wheel drive adds in Snow Mode. Now, no matter how you drive, safety is a big priority here at Hyundai, and that's why IONIQ 6 has a suite of standard Hyundai Smart Sense safety features that include forward collision avoidance assist with car, pedestrian, and cyclist detection,
rear cross traffic collision avoidance assist, highway driving assist one, safe exit assist, and rear occupant alert non ultrasonic. Plus you're going to get a host of advanced driving aids like lane keeping assist, lane following assist, driver attention warning, and smart cruise control with stop and go. Additional available safety features and driving tech include highway driving assist two, forward collision avoidance assist with junction turning, surround view monitor, and blind spot view monitor.
Now, when it comes to the latest advancements, IONIQ 6 impresses with technology like the available Hyundai Digital Key 2 Touch and the available Remote Smart Parking Assist. Hyundai Digital Key 2 Touch can transform your compatible Android smartphone and, for the first time ever, your compatible Apple iPhone or Apple Watch device into a key fob. You can use them to unlock your vehicle and even start your engine up, or you can choose to share that digital key with another driver's compatible device.
These are available on the SEL and Limited trims. Now Remote Smart Parking Assist lets your IONX 6 park itself. It can back itself into a parking spot and pull itself out of a parking spot. It can park diagonally, it can park perpendicular, even park parallel. Now this is available on the Limited trim and the best part of it is you don't even need to be inside the car to use it. With just a push of a button on your key fob, you can activate Remote Smart Parking Assist.
Now, IONIQ 6 is also the first Hyundai that offers over-the-air software updates. So IONIQ 6 is automatically going to download and update maps, infotainment, and much more. Plus, you're going to get three years of Blue Link connected car services at no additional cost. And this is where you can use a smartphone or compatible device to remote action, like climate control features. You can remote lock, unlock your vehicle. You can find out where you parked and so much more using our Blue Link app.
Alright, so we've been outside the car for a while and I know you all watching want to see this interior. So we're going to go inside and take a look at that innovative interior of IONIQ 6 and all the amazing features inside. You're going to notice the buttonless slim doors that are more aesthetically pleasing and lead to wider interior space. An available Bose 8-speaker premium audio system. Steering wheel LED system with interactive pixel lights that light up for voice commands and advanced warnings.
seamless 12.3 inch digital instrument cluster and 12.3 inch touchscreen navigation display, dual zone ambient mood lighting with 64 colors plus dual color themes, lights that spread like a ripple and are synchronized to your speed. And this incredible interior is complemented by standard features like Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, charging ports in the front and rear seats, and dual zone automatic temperature control with driver only setting.
You're also going to have wireless device charging available, available H-TEC seating surfaces with ventilated and heated seats, and best of all, the ultra-wide and honestly ultra-breathtaking sunroof that's available on the Limited trim.
Now, since you're getting a Hyundai, you know you're also getting America's best warranty. That's a 10-year, 100,000-mile powertrain limited warranty, a 5-year, 60,000-mile new vehicle limited warranty, and a 10-year, 100,000-mile hybrid EV battery warranty. Plus, you're going to get 3 years or 36,000 miles, whichever comes first, of complimentary maintenance included.
And because Hyundai cares so much about building the highest quality vehicles for you, we even produce our own advanced high-strength steel, making IONIQ 6 both very strong and very light. So there you have it, the first ever Hyundai IONIQ 6. With its bold new exterior design, truly innovative interior, premium tech, and advanced safety features, IONIQ 6 is a Hyundai unlike any you have ever seen.
