This is the refreshed 2024 Elantra Limited. And so is this. Well, actually, it's the Elantra Hybrid Limited, but it's also refreshed for 2024. And I'm going to walk you through both of these models in this special double feature edition of Hyundai Showroom Walkaround.
Hey everyone, I'm Jesse your product specialist and host and I am really excited about this one. Because whether you prefer the familiarity of a traditional gas engine or you want the added fuel savings that come with driving a hybrid, the 2024 Elantra has you covered. Not only that, it has fresh updated styling along with some truly impressive tech and safety features. Let's start off though by taking a look at Elantra's streamlined exterior beginning with the all-new front end.
You'll see a new lower profile cascading grille with a more pronounced horizontal separation between the upper and lower grille, standard dual LED projector headlights that more seamlessly integrate into the overall design, and standard LED daytime running lights all combining for a sleeker, more modern appearance. Plus you get a more aerodynamic design helping to improve fuel efficiency and adding highway speed driving stability.
Now moving over to our Elantra Hybrid, you see a similar restyled front end, so let's take a look at its profile. You see a unique side body with sculpted parametric surfaces, redesigned 17-inch alloy wheels coming in on the Limited trim, and in back, distinctive wraparound LED combination tail lights that span the entire rear and form the shape of a capital H, like for a Hyundai.
Plus, you get our hands-free smart trunk release, where Elantra can detect the key fob on your person and pop the trunk without even needing to push a button. How cool is that? Now, with similar sleek and modern styling on the exterior, let's take a look at our powertrain options and find out which Elantra is right for you.
Starting with our Elantra Limited, you have a 2-liter naturally aspirated 4-cylinder engine that produces 147 horsepower and 132 lb-ft of torque. It has an intelligent variable transmission and some great fuel economy, with an EPA-estimated 34 mpg combined on its Limited trim and 36 mpg combined on its SE Base trim.
Now, Elantra N Line steps up the performance with a 1.6-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine that produces 201 horsepower and 195 pound-feet of torque with a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission.
And finally, Elantra Hybrid. It's an advanced hybrid powertrain with a 1.6-liter four-cylinder engine and 32-kilowatt electric motor, combining for a 139-horsepower output. You even get the same torque as our inline with 195 pound-feet. There's a six-speed dual-clutch transmission for fast and more seamless gearshifts, and most importantly, the best fuel economy of any Elantra in our lineup.
You get an EPA-estimated 50 mpg combined on your Limited trim and 54 mpg combined on the Hybrid Blue base trim. Now, speaking of trims, both Elantra and Elantra Hybrid come in a range of them. Like Elantra SE, our gas-powered base trim with lots of great standard amenities, like wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, plus extensive safety features.
There's also Elantra SEL, our balanced gas trim with plenty of must-have features, such as a 10.25-inch touchscreen display and Blue Link connected car system. N-Line is our sporty gas-only trim with high-performance upgrades, like a 201-horsepower turbo engine and a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission. Then there's Elantra Limited, which is one of the two models we have here. It's our premium gas trim that has all the high-end features you've been asking for.
Now when it comes to Elantra Hybrid, there's the blue trim that gives you great NPG plus everything you need, like heated front seats and a proximity key with push button start. And the Hybrid Limited, which is the other Elantra we have here. It's our luxury hybrid sedan that's loaded with all of our premium features.
Now let's take a look at Elantra's driver-oriented interior, which is nearly the same on both models. Some of the first things you're going to notice when you sit inside are the soft touch material added around the front door handles and the prominent cornering grip bar, both giving Elantra a sporty yet refined interior feel. There's also the available dual auto climate control, available H-TEC seating surfaces, available heated front seats, and the available sunroof.
Plus, on your Hybrid Limited, you're going to get some additional features not found on the gas models, like an integrated memory system for your driver's seat and ventilated front seats. Now, when it comes to technology, Elantra and Elantra Hybrid have some impressive available features, like a 10.25-inch center touchscreen with smart navigation, 10.25-inch digital gauge cluster,
8-speaker Bose premium audio system where you can listen to sounds of nature. Soothing music set to rain, waves and more all to help you relax while driving. And with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay you can stay connected to your music, your maps, your entertainment on the go all by just plugging in your smartphone. It even comes wireless on your SE trim. And who says you can't get cool features on bass trims anymore? Not Hyundai!
We've upgraded our Qi wireless device charging to include a charging indicator light and a new guardrail to help support your phone while charging.
And with your Blue Link connected car system, you can remotely access your Elantra from your smartphone and do things like lock and unlock doors, remote climate control, find out where you last parked and more, all at no additional monthly cost. Now this comes standard on your hybrid trims and on your SEL trim and above on your gas models. But the great tech doesn't stop there. You're going to get ambient mood lighting customizable with 64 different colors, Wi-Fi hotspot capability,
and you're going to get modern USB-C ports. One in the front and two in the rear to help make sure all your devices stay charged up.
And if you're looking for a really cool feature that can make a really big difference in your day, look no further than Hyundai Digital Key 2 Touch, where you can actually unlock your door and start your motor all by using your smartphone, no key fob required. Now this works with compatible iPhones and Android models, as well as with compatible Apple watches. And you can share your digital key to another driver's compatible smartphone. This is standard on your limited and inline trims.
When it comes to safety, both Elantra and Elantra Hybrid have a lot going on with a suite of standard and available SmartSense safety features, like forward collision avoidance assist with pedestrian detection, blind spot collision warning, lane keeping assist, lane following assist, highway driving assist, surround view monitor, and blind spot view monitor, just to name a few.
But there's so much more that comes with owning a Hyundai, like America's best warranty. That's a 10-year, 100,000-mile powertrain limited warranty, a 5-year, 60,000-mile new vehicle limited warranty, and with our Elantra Hybrid, a 10-year, 100,000-mile hybrid battery limited warranty.
Plus, you're getting Hyundai complimentary maintenance free for the first three years or 36,000 miles. And since Hyundai cares so much about making the highest quality vehicles out there for you, we produce our own advanced high-strength steel, which makes Elantra both very strong and very light. So there we have it, the 2024 Hyundai Elantra and the 2024 Hyundai Elantra Hybrid with their sleek, refreshed styling, driver-oriented interior, user-friendly tech, and impressive safety features.
These two sedans have something for just about everyone.
