The 2025 Toyota RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid gives you the power to outdo the ordinary. It combines a sophisticated plug-in hybrid system with a sculpted, eye-catching design for an inspiring combination of comfort and sporty performance.
Together with its versatile interior, intuitive technologies, and two sport-oriented grades that emphasize its cutting-edge power, this innovative SUV is poised to amp up the fun when it's time to hit the road on that next epic adventure. The 2025 RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid creates excitement behind the wheel.
Featuring a powerful plug-in hybrid system with 302 net combined horsepower, this potent SUV offers truly exhilarating performance. This power comes backed by an impressive blend of comfort and agility.
Featuring MacPherson-strut front and multi-link rear suspension with red-painted shock absorbers on the XSE grade, and standard electronic on-demand all-wheel drive, RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid pairs a sporty yet refined ride with added traction on various road conditions. Plus, with an EPA-estimated 38 miles per gallon combined rating, road trips are encouraged.
And since the high-capacity hybrid battery can be plugged in to recharge, it has an EPA-estimated EV-only range rating of 42 miles. Perfect for zero-emission short-distance driving. This incredible performance comes with a sporty style that's sure to get plenty of attention. With its chiseled looks, RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid stands out.
Standard LED headlights and the XSE-grade stylish vertical LED accent lights give it a bold presence, while available 19-inch alloy wheels, standard dual exhaust tips, and available two-tone exterior colors enhance the sporty vibes. The head-turning details come paired with added function thanks to the standard power liftgate, all combining to create a versatile yet attractive SUV.
When it comes to making moments on the road more relaxing, RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid delivers. Premium features like the available heated and ventilated power-adjustable front seats, available heated outboard rear seats, and the available heated leather-wrapped steering wheel elevate comfort regardless of the weather. Plus, an available 12.3-inch digital gauge cluster and an available 10-inch head-up display help keep important information in the driver's line of sight.
and there's even an available Qi-compatible wireless charger that helps ensure mobile devices stay charged. This premium comfort comes backed by impressive versatility. The standard 60-40 split fold-down rear seats easily expand cargo capacity from 33.5 cubic feet to a generous 69.8 cubic feet behind the front seats, offering plenty of usable space to take your gear with you.
Additionally, the available 120V 1500W AC power outlet also lets you plug in while unplugging during your getaways. User-friendly tech also plays a big role in making every drive so convenient and helps everyone stay connected.
Thanks to the latest Toyota Audio Multimedia platform, RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid's tech is both modern and intuitive. Featuring an 8-inch or an available 10.5-inch touchscreen, it includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including maps, messages, podcasts, and music subscriptions.
In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices and access various apps and services from Google, including YouTube Music and Google Maps. Plus, there's a standard three-month SiriusXM trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in Cabin and even more on the SiriusXM app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more.
Select grades also include trials for Toyota's line of connected services, including Safety Connect, Service Connect, Remote Connect, Wi-Fi Connect, and Drive Connect. For an immersive listening experience, the available 11-speaker JBL Premium audio system offers stunning clarity when listening to road trip playlists.
RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid offers many active safety and driver assistance features. Every grade includes Toyota Safety Sense 2.5+, which includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control,
Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist. Additionally, the standard Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert is designed to inform the driver if a vehicle has entered a blind spot, while the available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking and available Panoramic View Monitor are designed to assist drivers in tight spaces. The 2025 RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid combines energetic performance, advanced tech, and practical details to create an impressive drive.
And RAV4 plug-in hybrid includes ToyotaCare, which provides 2 years or 25,000 miles of scheduled maintenance, whichever comes first, and 2-year unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance. This strong value is further enhanced by an 8-year or 100,000-mile hybrid system warranty, whichever comes first, and a 10-year or 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty, whichever comes first, making this electrified SUV a strong choice for long-term ownership.
With all these factors considered, RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid is an innovative SUV of tomorrow made for today. Want to learn more? Check out toyota.com.