Thanks for watching!
Hi, I'm Phil Gao. I'm Vice President of Battery Systems at Kota Automotive and I'd like to tell you about our battery system that's at the heart of the Kota 1.0 sedan. So the battery system, you can see it here, it sits between the rear wheels of the car and the front axle of the car. It's located very close to the ground to give a low center of gravity and it has a low polar moment of inertia and what that means is that the battery isn't in the under hood compartment and it's not in the trunk and that gives the optimum
vehicle dynamics. So this vehicle will handle, does handle a lot like a sports car because it has a low center of gravity that's in the center of the vehicle. The battery itself is made up of 728 lithium iron phosphate cells which is the most robust, safest, longest lasting battery technology available. It gives 34 kilowatt hours of energy which is 40% larger than any other electric sedan that's going to be coming around in the
future and what you can see is that the batteries arranged in very symmetrical arrangement and these 728 cells are put together in such a way that we have air cooling which comes in through the inlet duct, drops down and then runs between the battery cells to the outside, returns via the aluminum ducts to the warm air return and then goes through this air box which has both heating and cooling built in so that then the air is returned in a cool or
optimal state to keep the batteries cool in the summer and warm in the winter. The battery management system is located in the rear, right where the fuel tank would have been, and essentially we have four subunits, each of which monitors one quarter of the battery pack.
and a BMU which is the battery monitoring unit which talks to all these four subcontrollers and to the rest of the vehicle over CAN communication which is Controller Area Network which actually comes out through this connector and that's a low voltage plug into the vehicle.
The high voltage plug into the vehicle, you see here, this cord comes from the chargers, which there's an industry standard electric vehicle service equipment plug, which plugs in here 220 volts. Same as a stove or a dryer in terms of the circuit requirements. 6.6 kilowatts of charging, which is double what a lot of competitors have out there.
And then the charge current is fed in here. The main power for the motor and inverter and air conditioning systems runs through these orange color-coded high-voltage cables to the inverter and motor in the front, as well as to the heater, which is used to heat the battery pack and heat the passenger compartment, and to the air conditioning, which also heats the battery, sorry, cools the battery and passenger compartment.
The functional benefit of the active thermal management system is that keeping the battery warm ensures that we have good range in cold weather and we're able to charge in cold weather and give good driving performance in cold weather. On the other hand, the cooling capability is very important for maintaining the life of the battery when you have high ambient temperatures in places like Southern California, Arizona, and hotter climates.
The power level of the charger is critical to the driver in that it talks to how fast the vehicle can recharge. With a 3.3 kilowatt charger, in one hour, you can gain maybe 10 miles of range. With a 6.6, you can get 20 miles of range within one hour. So the average American drives around 40 miles a day, and so that you can recharge that in two hours with our charge system, whereas it may take four hours to recharge with only a 3.3 kilowatt.
charger. It also helps support the active thermal management system so that we're able to heat and cool the battery pack more quickly than we would with only a 3.3 kilowatt charger. The chemistry in this battery is lithium iron phosphate and lithium iron phosphate has become very popular in power tools and in industrial hybrid applications recently and the reason for that is that it is very long lasting, it's very robust and it's very safe.
So what that allows us to do is that allows us to have an eight year plus battery life whereas if we used chemistry that was much more similar to what's in your cell phone or your laptop you'd see the same kind of two, three, four year battery life which is unacceptable to us. We don't believe that the consumer should have to change the battery during the life of the vehicle.
It was very important to us to be able to have the largest practical battery so that people could have the maximum possible range. At the same time, cost is a huge factor because batteries for electric vehicles are expensive and that also helped drive the choice of iron phosphate because iron phosphate is a reasonably priced material. It doesn't contain rare earth elements. It doesn't contain cobalt. It's an affordable material and working with our manufacturing partner
China we've been able to develop a very reasonably priced battery and have an excellent range at the same time.
So the things that I've learned that we as an industry have learned since the early days are that you have to start with the end in mind in the sense that the EV1 battery system was set up in a T that was horrible for cooling. This battery is perfectly symmetrical and set up for cooling. You can see we have a duct down the center, we allocate air out the sides, we remove the air from the sides. So the importance of thermal management is paramount and I think that
The other thing is that we have to have a vehicle that's practical that people are going to want. The four seats, five passenger Coda is very practical in the sense that it's not just a car for two people. It's a car for the masses. It's not just a sports car for enthusiasts.