Driven Hall here today. You can see the latest and greatest as we talked about before the latest Ram Allegiance. We've just seen the spec 5 Mustang. We've got the tier upon experience, the latest from Jaguar Honda, the incredible Civic Type R Tesla. We've got electric vehicles. Don't forget throughout today you can take electric drive, electric vehicle test drives out in the action arena. But right in front of me we've got some incredible Ferraris. The GTO
the amazing 458 Speciale, but under the covers here is one of the greatest supercars New Zealand has ever seen. It is the LaFerrari Aperta. This is a car that celebrates the 70th anniversary of Ferrari. They're only going to make 209 in total and this is one of the first that have been made. It is the latest supercar from Ferrari and has been brought to Big Boys Toys by the official charity
partner of Big Boys Toys, which is the Gut Cancer Foundation. Before we take the covers off, I'm going to get Ruth Davey, the CEO of Gut Cancer Foundation, to say a couple of quick words and then we're going to get to see this incredible supercar. So Ruth will say a few words, she'll hand back and we'll go from there. Put your hands together for Ruth Davey from the Gut Cancer Foundation.
Thanks everyone, thanks for coming and the Gut Cancer Foundation chairperson, Brian Baker, ten years ago he was told he had great stage 3 bowel cancer. Because of modern medicine and clinical research which we fund in New Zealand, he's alive today and we get to see this amazing car. It is an amazing charity that we, unfortunately 5,250 people a year are diagnosed with a gut cancer.
That's the digestive system where your food goes through from the stomach, from the top to the bottom, including the esophagus, the stomach, the liver, the bowel, the pancreas, all better. And over half of these people diagnosed will die within five years. We've got a lot of work to do. We fund clinical research trials, amazing researchers, keeping them in New Zealand, keeping New Zealanders up to date, and also we raise awareness. Periodic Cancer Month this month
Unfortunately, it's a leading cause of cancer death and going to actually go up more with the sugar diet that we have. And so we've got a big job to do. We need all your donations and help. So please come on board. We'd love to see you at the tent. And we've got credit card machines. We've got loads. We take boards. We take anything, but we don't take children. OK? So from that account, just keep in touch with us. Go to cancer, Google us, and you'll find us. Thanks so much.
Put your hands together one more time. The Gutt Cancer Foundation.
Well ladies and gentlemen we are all let you know we're going to have to get a bit of a round of applause and point out that covers off a couple of specs on this car Ferrari made the LaFerrari three years ago and LaFerrari stands for E Ferrari it was the definitive Ferrari supercar when they came up with their 70th anniversary they wondered how they could top the LaFerrari one suggestion was to take the top off it and turn it into a convertible
this is a 950 horsepower car it has a hybrid engine it goes from zero to 103 seconds ladies and gentlemen so if you want to get around the Royal Oak roundabout or change lanes on the Auckland motorway this is the car to do it in and it's got a 6.3 litre V12 delivery
engine and as I say 950 horsepower powertrain enough for me but if you're gonna make some noise if you want to see the La Ferrari Aperta that covers off this 10 million dollar supercar ladies and gentlemen let's have a look
This is a rare opportunity. We're going to get the turntable going. We're going to lift the wing door, surely. And this is a chance to get photos. You're never going to get this close to a $10 million car again. It is a very limited edition car, so much so that even the Sultan of Brunei could not get one of these cars because he doesn't have enough points or credit with Ferrari yet. But the Gordon Ramsay's got one, and Graham Baker
the Gemma, the Gut Cancer Foundation, also has one here at Big Boys Toys today. And this is the only chance the public has had to see it. And this is an incredible supercar. Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together one more time for the La, for Wario Perta.
We're going to get some photos and videos, we're going to come back, we're going to lift the wing doors, we'll get your photos with the doors closed. We're going to head across now to the mega speaker from Back to the Future in the music zone. You're going to get to see it and you're going to get to hear it. It is the only one in the world and it was from that first scene when Michael J. Fox or Marty McFly played the speaker to the music hall.
We'll get some photos, videos, with the doors closed, and then we'll come back and we'll lift the wing doors. Ladies and gentlemen, the Laugh-A-Wally-A-Pit-A.