It's really weird because I've gone through this transition now in terms of being somebody who likes cars, you know, there is at an age and so is the industry at an age where the transition through to electric vehicles is happening. In 2020 with the future in our hands, I have to be honest, I think it's going to be a great success. The fact that it can be charged up so quickly is a bit of a game changer. And now,
I'm sure that you'd like to see where it all began. Let's just take this corner like a normal corner as opposed to, you know. I mean, it's quite incredible the way it turns in and just the power delivery, this just linear power delivery. I'm going, this is, yeah, you know, please can I have one? It's just nothing more to be said, you know? But it's,
You know, having had time to live with it now, and now, in fact, driving at a normal kind of motorway speed, it's a remarkable thing. My mind is computing what was going on there. Funnily enough, the older you get, actually, the kind of more there's an inbuilt fear thing, you know. Yeah, you know, you want to get it right and you have a healthy respect. 25 miles an hour again. And that's another thing about this car.
I think you've got to realise how fast it's going. Copy that. That's 67. And the fact that we're on a track racing against a GT2 RS. And in case you hadn't seen, you won't get four people in a GT2 RS. I am sweating a bit, yeah. You're damn right, I want to bring it home. I think we're kind of in.
Yeah, you're good to go, Brian. Thanks, Al. So how much of electric stuff have you driven so far? 918. Okay. Nice to see it. Just settle it, other than the... I don't think it particularly enjoys a trail brake. And it's two tons. Yeah. So you can feel the weight. Yeah. Yeah, got it. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, it's slippery, all right. Wildly optimistic. Thank you. The national, yes. Right. Got it, right.
God, it's weird without… It's just a lot faster to carry more speed than you would normally, you know, than you would think. Because there's no, especially with this on, there's no sound, you know, to go off. You're so used to going over an engine note and obviously having no paddles as well, you know. So, you know, for a second you've just got to realise how fast it is.
That's the reality of it. And the fact of, you know, there's a lot of batteries in there lined up and it's two tons. Lord only knows what happens when the Taycan GT comes out. It's been dry, we haven't crashed it, and it's been a cracking day, you know. That takes it out of you. Just really, just really different. Until you get used to the
The power delivery, yeah. But also the sound, I think it's just so fast. You know, there's quite a bit of weight. So you start trail-breaking into corners, then you let off. I mean, the power's so fast. As it goes on, it's on, you know. So you've got to be kind of reasonably straight. I mean, crikey for a family of four. Hold on a minute. Yeah, no, it's a different world. There's always a heritage, you know. There's always a link.
throughout the whole model range, you know, for years and years and years. Porsche have done it again. They've done it again. Isn't this a nice? This is almost like a Stuttgart taxi driver, huh?