I went last year, especially to see the Formula 1 apartment. So I saw the simulator while Fernando was working there. And also I had the opportunity to try some cars in the Fiorano track. So I enjoyed a lot the day. And yeah, this is the second visit, so it's always a pleasure to see the old cars and the new things that the brand is getting out.
It has been an unbelievable experience with KSL Racing team, who is very professional. They offered me a 458 with three more guys together with the same team. It has been a nice experience, especially because the track is unbelievable. It's just amazing. I think it's the best track I've ever been in Abu Dhabi. So modern and it's in another level, compared to the normal tracks.
It has been hard because 12 hours is a lot, especially very hot on the inside of the car. But we finished the race, we won our category and especially we had fun. That is the most important.
Well, you know, I think Ferrari on racing is always Ferrari, but obviously these times are hard, are tough, because Mercedes, it seems that they have a good car. But it seems that this year the Ferrari is really more competitive. Ferrari have better, who is also a splendid driver.
I spent together, we spent together some days in Thailand in 2012 in the race of champions. So I knew him and he's a very sympathetic guy, Mary Ambel. So I hope that the binomial Ferrari battle works a lot.
Well, I'm really looking forward to start the new season because in the Sepan Test 1 I found out my bike is very competitive. We made a race simulation with very promising lap times, so we've been very competitive. Obviously the Honda and his riders are very strong still, but I think we are better than last year. I will start the season much better in much better physical conditions, so I'm really looking forward to starting the new season.
Well, Ferrari has a lot of models, very nice, very beautiful. The F12 is very smart, very elegant. But obviously in terms of performance and beauty, the Ferrari is the more modern and the unique car in this moment. It's the best car in almost all the senses.