Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Chairman Nissan North America, Denis Lavate. What a thrill it is to be here representing Nissan for the first time at the New York Auto Show. In January, after 27 great years with Nissan's alliance partner, Renault, I jumped at the opportunity to become Chairman of Nissan North America. As an engineer, I simply could not resist what Nissan offered, the chance to help deliver a lineup of vehicles that will transform the future of mobility.
Today, it is my pleasure to introduce one of these vehicles. This is the 2019 Altima, a car that embodies Nissan's vision, innovative spirit and industry-leading capabilities.
As the sixth generation version, it builds on 25 years of success. Since 1993, Altima sales have reached 5.6 million. To us, this is just a starting point. That's why we decided to shake up the midsize sedan segment in terms of design, driving enjoyment, and technology that are advanced and affordable.
In developing the all-new Altima, we aim to make driving safer, less stressful and a lot more fun. The result is the most advanced sedan Nissan has ever created. Inside and out, the new Altima has been enhanced and completely redesigned. In a few moments, Alfonso Albaysa, Nissan's Senior Vice President for Global Design, will discuss its design story.
But first, there are three things I'm excited to share about the new Altima. Number one, it includes the most advanced Nissan intelligent mobility technologies, including ProPilot Assist. Number two, it features two new engines, including the world's first production variable compression or VC turbo. And number three, it's the first Nissan sedan in the US to be equipped with intelligent all-wheel drive.
The 2019 Altima embodies the vision of Nissan Intelligent Mobility, our push to redefine how cars are driven, powered and integrated into society. Just like the Lotus Rogue and the 2018 Leaf, the all-new Altima offers Nissan single-lane autonomous drive technology called ProPilot Assist. As a next step, we will introduce ProPilot Assist technology to support multi-lane highway travel. And by 2020, it will also support city driving.
Adding ProPILOT assist to the 2019 Altima continues Nissan's approach of making the most advanced technology accessible to more drivers. And it complements Altima's other safety technology. The new Altima introduces SafetyShield 360, a comprehensive suite of active safety features. It includes automatic emergency braking, lane departure warning, blind spot detection and rear automatic braking.
The 2019 Altima also features the next generation of Nissan Connect. This allows seamless connectivity with the vehicle through smartphone and Amazon Alexa. And Nissan has made both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto standard on every 2019 Altima. To further enhance the Altima driving experience, Nissan made a record investment in its powertrain development. Altima's V6 engine has been replaced with the world's first production VC turbo 4-cylinder.
This engine generates the performance of a V6 with the fuel economy of a 4-cylinder engine. It also adapts on demand to deliver thrilling horsepower or to run with extreme efficiency. Industry engineers have been working on this technology for decades. Nissan is proud to be the first to deliver it. This dynamic 20
248 horsepower engine seamlessly changes its compression rate for high performance or high efficiency driving. It is like combining a sprinter and a marathoner in one single event. The standard engine is our new 2.5-litre four-cylinder. It offers 188 horsepower and better fuel economy thanks to the introduction of our direct injection technology. Our pioneering efforts continue with the option of intelligent all-wheel drive.
We saw that the lack of available AWD has been a key factor in pushing US buyers who prefer sedans to compact SUVs. Of the top 3 selling midsize sedans in the US, only Altima will offer AWD. We expect this to be a key sales driver, especially for customers in the northern part of the country.
The all-new Altima was designed primarily for the U.S. market. That's a big reason we're building it at Nissan's Smyrna, Tennessee plan, the highest volume auto plan in the Americas. And at Nissan's Canton, Mississippi plan, which just celebrated production of its fourth million vehicle.
Over the past 30 years, Nissan has been investing more than $11 billion in our US manufacturing operations. We've produced 10 million engines and nearly 16 million vehicles in America. Nationwide, we employ more than 22,000 men and women and support tens of thousands of jobs at Nissan and Infiniti dealership and supplier partners.
This foundation has allowed Nissan to create our industry-leading line-up of cars, crossovers and trucks here in the US, including our best-selling Rogue, the all-electric Leaf and the Titan Pickup. It has also fuelled Nissan's growth in this critical market.
With the new Ultima, we intend to capture additional US customers, especially generation Y and Z drivers. They are demonstrating a strong appetite for sedans and demand the latest technology in their cars. But the 2019 Ultima is not just a symbol of Nissan's ambition in the sedan market or in the US market. It showcases our commitment to becoming a stronger global competitor by bringing bold new vehicles to more customers worldwide.
We look forward for starting Altima sales this fall, beginning here in the US and expanding to other markets. As you can see, with the all-new Altima, a new era of mobility has arrived, and Nissan could not be more excited about the road ahead. Now, to tell you more about the 2019 Altima, it's my pleasure to turn things over to my colleague, Alfonso Albayza. Thank you, Denis.
In so many ways, the Nissan Altima is Nissan. With each generation, its designs had followed the same path as our company, challenging the status quo, shaping up the critical midsize sedan segment, and bringing oxygen to every of all of our customers. Today, five million cars after we introduced it, our design teams have infused it with even more artistry and ingenuity.
With the success of crossovers, we saw an opportunity to rethink the Altima outside the traditional sedan box. While crossovers continue to have a large and loyal following, many people still prefer the sleek, professional image of a sedan. You may be surprised to hear that for many people, a sedan, when done sexy, is an escape from the mundane every day.
So, our sixth generation Altima has been slimmed down and sleethed up for a new generation of customer. So, let's take a look. At first glance, it is angular, aero-sleek, and effortlessly dynamic. The wheelbase stretches a full two inches longer than the current one, allowing us to enhance the overall spaciousness of this new Altima.
The low and wide proportions gave us the freedom to create a body that is not only sleek, but also simple and streamlined with a horizontal movement slicing through the wind as if shaped by it. This car is the embodiment of Nissan's emotive geometry. This new Altima's dynamic character lines are not superficial. They are the result of powerful twisting surfaces intersecting in dynamic composition.
The result of this sculptural theory are deep and sharp sheet metal stampings that capture and reflect light and colors beautifully. It also embraces the next generation of Nissan signature design cues including our distinctive floating roof and iconic vMotion grill.
The roof pillars are slimmer and the headlights more streamlined, and the available LED headlamps and daytime running lights combine with a signature grille design to emphasize the front-end width and the very low hood. Similar to the show cars from the last few years, the V-Motion grille is dominant and sets up the big rearward movement of the design itself, drawing your eyes from this wonderful hood through the cabin and off the rear of the car.
So when coming around the rear, the horizontal movement continues, showcasing an evolved boomerang tail lamp that is thinner and more angular. As you can see, my teams in Japan and in California have created a stunning design, but they did not stop there. Now, let's experience the wonderful big changes they have made on the inside of this vehicle.
The interior is warm, open and airy, providing a sense of togetherness. Here we also continue this concept of slimming down and sleeking up. Our design teams worked closely with engineers to create a new interior envelope that dramatically widens the interior space.
Our zero-gravity seats have been enhanced for more comfort and support. Wood finishers with embedded metallic fibers bring additional warmth to the interior sanctuary, but in a more technologically advanced way. With the instrument panel, the previous Seagull Flow instrument panel has been replaced with a more open and horizontal gliding wing approach.
It stretches from A-pillar to A-pillar, offering a mix of modern furniture design with our unique Nissan dynamic DNA. Through ingenious repackaging, we kept the instrument panel thin, yet still able to deliver this powerful, want-to-drive-it feeling. With everything raised up and easier to see, the new Altima's intuitive technology is the hallmark of Nissan Intelligent Mobility.
In short, the new Altima is a car for empowered people who want everything in their lives to be functional yet stylish in every way. It combines art and science, simplicity and sophistication, innovation and ingenuity to make the journey more enjoyable every step of the way.
With that, I would like to thank my global design team, especially Executive Design Director Satoru Tai and Design Director Ken Lee, who led the efforts on this very exciting new car. This new Altima makes a statement that sedans are back and ready to deliver a future for this iconic model that is even better than its great past. Thank you, and I hope to continue this conversation on the show floor a little later. Thank you very much.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending. For more information please see a product specialist located throughout the booth.