Hello, I'm Jane, a product specialist for Infiniti, and this is the all-new Infiniti Q50.
If the Q50 name is new to you, you can be assured it's not going to be unfamiliar for long. The Q50 is the latest premium performance sedan from Infiniti. The Q50 is longer, lower, and wider than Infiniti's previous G37 sedan, and it has world's first advances for the luxury market.
Q50's luxurious and innovative styling features begin in the front with a double-arched grille and wave-inspired hood. The Q50's headlights wake up when the car is started with an almost menacing look. There's even available high beam assist headlamps that turn on automatically and allow for high-low automatic beam change.
The sculpting around the headlights flows down the side of the Q50, making it appear as if the car is moving even when sitting still. Yet, perhaps the biggest joy of the Q50 is to get behind the wheel and drive it. There's a choice of two power plants, a 3.7-liter V6 producing 328 horsepower,
or a new hybrid that's the ultimate expression of Q50's performance. With a 3.5 liter V6 utilizing a lithium-ion battery and 50 kilowatt electric motor, the Q50 hybrid produces net power of 360 horsepower.
The Q50 is also available with the world's first direct adaptive steering system. By sending the driver's input electronically, instead of through a more traditional mechanical linkage, the Q50 has much quicker response when cornering. The system also seamlessly provides easier steering in parking lot maneuvers, and the driver can tailor the steering ratio and effort to their liking.
The Q50 is also available with another world's first feature called Active Lane Control. The system adjusts for minor road surface changes or crosswinds, virtually eliminating the fine-tuning a driver constantly makes, even during straight-line highway driving.
From blind spot intervention to an around-view monitor with moving object detection, Infinity has always been a pioneer in safety and driving convenience features. The Q50 exemplifies this with the available Predictive Forward Collision Prevention system that can warn you of risks beyond your field of vision.
Inside, craftsmanship is evident everywhere you look. From a hand-stitched steering wheel to genuine aluminum trim and available maple wood accents on the center console and doors, the Q50 encompasses attention to luxurious detail. You'll also enjoy the Q50's available next-generation Studio on Wheels by Bose 14-speaker premium audio system with centerpoint surround.
We know your life runs on connections, and Infinity and Touch ensures you keep pace. This dual-screen system allows you to connect, control, and customize your digital life seamlessly from inside the Q50. Plus, the available Infinity connection makes roadside assistance, your service technician, and a personal assistant available live 24 hours a day from your car, smartphone, or other mobile device.
All in all, we believe the Infiniti Q50 is the most advanced premium performance sedan you can buy. From its world's first technologies and powerful but efficient engines, to an aggressive exterior design and luxurious interior with handcrafted details. Visit InfinitiUSA.com for more information.
And even better, take a test drive today at an Infiniti retailer and experience the Q50 for yourself.