Innovation for parents, all parents. Featuring a sensors touchscreen with Apple CarPlay that's easy to use when things get a little complicated. Advanced Drive E engines provide less fuel consumption and fewer emissions with outstanding power and performance. When it's time to park, a 360 degree camera helps you reverse and maneuver with complete knowledge of your surroundings. While the automatic tailgate helps when you're carrying too much of everything. A plug-in hybrid for parents, all parents. With a petrol and electric engine that offers a formidable 300 kilowatts of power. That also provides remarkable fuel efficiency of just 2.1 liters per 100 kilometers. Change between three drive modes at the press of a button. Including a quiet pure electric mode, which means you don't use fuel for up to 43 kilometers. Plus, charge it conveniently through your home socket. The acclaimed 7-seat Volvo XC90 T8 twin engine. Designed for parents, all parents. Including a superior sound system designed by Bowers and Wilkins that delivers unmatched audio quality to every seat. Additionally, a clever use of space offers flexible seating configurations for whatever parenting throws at you. In the second row, built-in booster cushions provide speed and convenience when traveling with children. Plus, contemporary Swedish design means you travel every day in style. Safety for parents, all parents. Including city safety auto emergency braking, which keeps a set of eyes in front should you get distracted. Then, when you're reversing from your park, cross traffic alerts will be on. And that's it. The new Volvo XC90 T8 twin engine provides a great comfort for all. With a powerful power and a great power steering, it's a great car for all. And it's also a great car for all. Messy... And it's better, compared to old siemprechins. Feeling so compact... And not a rodent right? 엄청 Ganz It's such a great car. Don't forget to order a credit card or think of me, and try me out on all my stories. Like to look up the name of your sports car. Just check it out? Hit the subscribe button, I'll send you the hunks next week. Sleep tight, family. Bye bye Technology of Park Assist Pilot, effortlessly guiding you into parallel and perpendicular spaces. Technology like its awarded 9-inch tablet-style centre display. And technology that detects and alerts speed limits for you, even if you've missed the road sign. Award-winning through its world-first, like run-off road protection. Built to detect and protect should you veer off the road. Tightening seatbelts and repositioning occupants out of harm's way. World-firsts like auto-braking at intersections. Innovation that alerts and automatically applies the brakes if you turn into an oncoming vehicle. World-firsts that are a part of Volvo's DNA. Which go back to 1959, when Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt and generously gifted it to every automotive brand in the world. Award-winning in its form. The way the leather seats mould to your shape. Form how the lines of the car accentuate class. Luxury. And form how the XC90's design has raised the automotive standards with awards won across Europe, North America and Australia. The award-winning XC90. Innovative thinking is at the heart of the all-new XC90. Embrace the revolutionary Volvo Drive-E powertrains. A leap forward in automotive engineering. Count one, two, three, four. The four-cylinder lightweight aluminium engine delivers exceptional power. Equivalent to that of six, even eight-cylinder engines. Fewer cylinders means less friction, less weight, less fuel consumption, less CO2 emissions. All with no compromise on power and drivability. Choose petrol or diesel engines with the option of four drive modes. Dynamic, Comfort, Eco and Off-Road. Each adjusting gives you a different feel. Each adjusting gives you a different feel. E vaping is the key to all-new XC90. A sensation of dynamics at full throttle. And just like the Dual PHIL, the same at 2,500 bunkers. It also McD's hones the gearbox, steering and braking, for the type of drive. Forget saying. Witness the latest generation of stop start technology. It reduces fuel consumption, utilizing the car's kinetic energy. Now you can keep moving while the engine is idling. The all-new XC90. A new drive. A new beginning. The all-new XC90 isn't just powerful. It's extremely intelligent. Take its keyless, electronic racer. RICH TO HIM. More at www.allnewXC90.com. Start technology. The car's key fob is automatically detected once you enter the vehicle. Then, simply turn the start dial. Make parallel and perpendicular parking effortless with Park Assist Pilot. Guide yourself into tight spaces with its front and rear sensors. Utilize the road sign information and speed limiter. Let it help detect and alert you to the speed limit, even if you miss the road sign. Forget blind spots. While you've got your eyes on the front, blind spot information has your back, left, and right. Now that's peace of mind. Are you lost? Sensor's navigation tells you the how, when, and where of your destination. Its integrated system utilizes live traffic information to get you effortlessly from A to B and then on to C. The all-new XC90. New intelligence, a new beginning. The all-new XC90 drives Volvo's impeccable speed. It introduces two world firsts. One, runoff road protection, made to detect and prepare the cabin if you veer off the road. If an accident is imminent, the XC90 will automatically tighten seatbelts and reposition occupants in their seat, helping to mitigate injury. Two, auto brake at intersections. It alerts and automatically applies the brakes if you inadvertently turn into an oncoming vehicle. The body construction is a new technology. It's a new technology. It's a new technology. The body construction is sophisticated. The safety cell is made up of ultra-high strength steel alloy, 33% boron steel, one of the strongest steels available. That means maximum protection in all types of accidents. Feel safer and less stressed. Harness the option of cross-traffic alert, a series of radars that detect vehicles from 30 meters away. Now you can reverse out of tight spaces with confidence. The all-new XC90. A new safety, a new beginning. Think the all-new XC90. Know the pinnacle of Swedish automotive design and innovation. Notice the striking LED headlights inspired by the hammer of Scandinavian god, Thor. They offer both unsurpassed design and functionality. Attention is in the detail. Interior color combinations. The interior is made of leather upholsteries and decor of carbon fiber, walnut, birch, metal, and aluminum. Remember 1959, the date of Volvo's invention of the three-point seat belt. Never forget Nils Bolin who gifted this invention to the automotive industry. Today, every vehicle in the world has a touch of Swedish safety in it. And tucked into the side, a small Swedish flag, an understated symbol of Sweden's pride in craftsmanship. The all-new XC90. A new design, a new beginning. The all-new XC90 doesn't just think about the driver. It also considers its six additional passengers. Breathe easy with the interior clean zone air quality system. It measures the quality of air coming into the passenger compartments. Its charcoal multi-filter means cleaner, fresher, filtered air inside the car. The all-new XC90. A new design, a new beginning. The all-new XC90. A new design, a new beginning. Gain control of the four-zone electronic climate control. Give passengers in the second and third rows the ability to change their own environment, all without distracting the driver. Convenience can be found in the power-operated tailgate. With hands full it's no fuss. Just one press to open, load, unload, and another to shut. And with keyless entry, one swipe of your foot under the rear bumper will open and close the tailgate. Its seven-seat design has been further refined. The seven-seat design is a new addition to the XC90. The all-new XC90 is a new design. It's a new design. It's a new design. It's a new design. It's a new design. It's a new design. It's a new design. It's a new design. The second row has three individually adjustable seats, for added legroom in the third row. It also includes an in-built child booster cushion. Turn it up, and it'll be all-new. And the XC90 XC90 has a new design. It's a new design. The five-seat it up with the option of premium sound by bowers and wilkins create an astonishing soundscape with 1400 watts to 19 speakers throughout the car the all-new xc90 a new comfort a new beginning my name is andrew vogel i'm here at the museum the claremont collections i'm the vice president of sales and marketing it's a it's a lovely expression of one man's passion for the automobile this museum uh as a small child always enjoyed the automobile and enjoyed it for the uh the the sounds the shapes the smells of it all as i got older i realized it's all really more moving sculpture i like the two tone and the matte finish on the wood well so even even this if i turn it here in theory i could go right into this space right i had to remember to look outside it's so cool it's one of those cars that will go anywhere do anything that that we've come to appreciate and at some level expect in an automobile now all of that wrapped in a volvo safety package right going now so they writeTril根 u th ry and to て k to It's about harmony and passion. Passion brings us together and helps us to express ourselves. And first impressions last. The XC90's Sensus Navigation System with real-time traffic information will ensure you never miss a beat as Adagio moves towards Allegro during your first performance. And the winner of Australia's Best Cars 2015 Luxury 4WD from $65,000 to $125,000 is the Volvo XC90. Now the Volvo XC90 arguably boasts probably the best presentation of its class. It's got nice attention to detail, such as the surrounds of the dials. I also really like the cover slide and it has an iPad-like interface. The Volvo XC90 combines... versatility and functionality with enough off-road ability for those who want to take it off the beaten track. It has comfortable seats and a really, really roomy interior. As you'd expect from Volvo, the XC90 boasts a high level of safety features, including not one, but two world-first safety technologies. In a class that is now very competitive, the Volvo XC90 certainly raises the bar in many areas. Look out forense, it's got a motor and a manual. But I don't think that л-" No more верток But more OMG But more OMG But more OMG But more creamy But more sagen But more camino But more Ina za and cyclist detection helps you avoid accidents before they happen. And so does the lane departure warning system, which helps keep you exactly where you should be. The midsize Volvo XC60 and award-winning seven-seat Volvo XC90 makes parenting look easy. Award-winning in its technology, like the technology of Park Assist Pilot, effortlessly guiding you into parallel and perpendicular spaces. Technology like its awarded nine-inch tablet-style centre display. And technology that detects and alerts speed limits for you, even if you've missed the road sign. Award-winning through its world-first, like run-off road protection, built to detect and protect should you veer off the road, tightening seatbelts and repositioning occupants out of harm's way. World-firsts like auto-braking at intersections, innovation that alerts and automatically applies the brakes if you turn into an oncoming vehicle. World-firsts that are a part of Volvo's DNA, which go back to 1959, when Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt and gen XC90. Isn't just powerful, it's extremely intelligent. Take its keyless start technology. The car's key fob is automatically detected once you enter the vehicle. Then, simply turn the start dial. Make parallel and perpendicular parking, making it look like you're driving effortless. With Park Assist Pilot, guide yourself into tight spaces with its front and rear sensors. Utilize the road sign information and speed limiter. Let it help detect and alert you to the speed limit, even if you miss the road sign. Forget blind spots. While you've got your eyes on the front, blind spot information has your back, left and right. Now that's peace of mind. Are you lost? Sensors navigation tells you the how, when and where of your destination. Its integrated system utilizes live tracking, and it's also able to track your traffic information, to get you effortlessly from A to B, and then on to C. The all-new XC90. New intelligence, a new beginning. The all-new XC90 drives Volvo's impeccable safety credentials. It introduces two world firsts. One, run-off road protection. Made to detect and prepare the cabin if you veer off the road. If an accident is imminent, the XC90 will always be there. It automatically tightens seat belts, and reposition occupants in their seat, helping to mitigate injury. Two, auto brake at intersections. It alerts and automatically applies the brakes, if you inadvertently turn into an oncoming vehicle. The body construction is sophisticated. The safety cell is made up of ultra-high strength steel alloy. 33% boron steel, one of the strongest steels available. That means maximum protection in all types of accidents. Feel safer and less stressed. Harness the option of cross-traffic alert, a series of radars that detect vehicles from 30 meters away. Now you can reverse out of tight spaces with confidence. The all-new XC90. A new safety, a new beginning. Think. The all-new XC90. Know the pinnacle of Swedish automotive design. And innovation. Notice the striking LED headlights, inspired by the hammer of Scandinavian god, Thor. They offer both unsurpassed design and functionality. Attention is in the detail. Interior color combinations, full leather upholsteries, and decor of carbon fiber, walnut, birch, metal, and aluminium. Remember 1959. The date of Volvo's invention of the three-point seat belt. Never forget Nils Bolin, who gifted this invention to the automotive industry. Today, every vehicle in the world has a touch of Swedish safety in it. And tucked into the side, a small Swedish flag, an understated symbol of Sweden's pride in craftsmanship. The all-new XC90. A new design, a new beginning. The all-new XC90. The all-new XC90. Generously gifted it to every automotive brand in the world. Award-winning in its form. The way the leather seats mold to your shape. Form how the lines of the car accentuate class, luxury. And form how the XC90's design has raised the automotive standards with awards won across Europe, North America, and Australia. The award-winning XC90. Innovative thinking is at the heart of the all-new XC90. Embrace the revolutionary Volvo Drive-E powertrains. A leap forward in automotive engineering. Count one, two, three, four. The four-cylinder lightweight aluminium engine delivers exceptional power, equivalent to that of six, even eight-cylinder engines. Fewer cylinders means less friction, less weight, less fuel consumption, less CO2 emissions. All with no compromise on power and drivability. Choose petrol or diesel engines with the option of four drive modes. Dynamic, comfort, eco, and off-road. Each adjusting gearbox, steering, and braking for the type of drive. Forget same. Witness the latest generation of stop-start technology. It reduces fuel consumption. It reduces fuel consumption. Utilizing the car's kinetic energy. Now you can keep moving while the engine is idling. The all-new XC90. A new drive. A new beginning. The all-new XC90. Innovation for parents. All parents. Featuring a Sensus touchscreen with Apple CarPlay It's easy to use when things get a little complicated. Advanced Drive E engines provide less fuel consumption and fewer emissions with outstanding power and performance. When it's time to park, a 360-degree camera helps you reverse and maneuver with complete knowledge of your surroundings. While the automatic tailgate helps when you're carrying too much of everything. A plug-in hybrid for parents. All parents. With a petrol and electric engine that offers a formidable 300 kilowatts of power. That also provides remarkable fuel efficiency of just 2.1 liters per 100 kilometers. Change between three drive modes at the press of a button, including a quiet, pure electric mode, which means you don't use fuel for up to 43 kilometers. Plus, charge it conveniently through your home socket. The acclaimed 7-seat Volvo XC90 T8 twin engine. Designed for parents. All parents. Including a superior sound system designed by Bowers & Wilkins that delivers unmatched audio quality to every seat. Additionally, a clever use of space offers flexible seating configurations for whatever parenting throws at you. In the second row, built-in booster cushions provide speed and convenience when traveling with children.