Here it is, the Chevrolet Volt, an electrically driven car from General Motors. On the road, the Chevrolet Volt can go up to 40 miles using only its lithium-ion batteries to drive the wheels.
When greater range is required, its unique flex-fuel internal combustion engine kicks in. If your daily driving, whether to work or running errands or for recreational use, is 40 miles a day or less, and you charge the vehicle every night when you get home, you will never need to buy gasoline during the entire life of the man.
After last year's auto show, a number of the engineers got together and said, you know what, we need to do something that's above and beyond what everybody else is doing here. And given the state of battery technology...
is there an opportunity to do something totally different and so that was right after last year's show people started talking about it and they worked on various concepts and really came across this electrically driven vehicle with all the flexibility they can provide with the different fuels and energy sources. What we've done with the Chevy Volt
is we designed a propulsion system and they said can we work in concert creatively with designers and engineers to design a beautiful package around it and that beautiful package includes wonderful proportions, wheels pushed way out to the corners because we can do it now we don't have a transmission in this car.
short front and rear overhangs. We've got this tremendous, what designers call dash to axle ratios. Very clean, very modern, and it looks like a precision instrument both inside and out.
Applications that we've contributed to, first of all the most apparent one is the Lexium polycarbonate glazing, actually is here on the deck lid as well as the entire roof. What's great about this is from a styling perspective, this simply couldn't have been done in glass. So you can see this type of geometry, which you can also see on the vehicle itself. But in addition to that, it takes up to 50% of the weight out of the application compared to glass. So from a fuel efficiency standpoint, it was a major contributor.
The first thing you will notice is some plug-in ports. The Chevrolet Volt allows a customer, using their 110 volt, 15 amp circuits at home, to plug in their electric car. When you plug in your electric car, we've got enough battery on board. In six hours, that battery can be fully charged. When that battery is fully charged, that customer can drive 40 miles pure electrically.
So if you plug in every night, you may never use any gasoline if you drive the Chevy Volt. We think that's pretty cool. On the rear and the front of the vehicle, we have our Zenoit energy absorbers. Right here, this is our Zenoit energy absorber. Historically, if a company wants to sell a vehicle in more than one part of the world, they have to design the front end differently. With this technology, it's one application, one design around the globe.
It's an electric vehicle with, we say, an insurance policy because it's a range extender and you can have all this ability to get more energy for the battery from various fuels. What we've tried to do is bridge the issues that were part of the electric vehicle paradigm in the past and say, well, how can we make it better? And customers told us, boy, if you could occasionally
give me an ability to recharge on board. And since General Motors knows engines, we put a little tiny engine that just sips gas for those occasional needs when you go more than 40 miles and you want to keep on motoring.
This chassis display doesn't physically show the parts which are on the vehicle, but Lexan EX-L is used on the instrument panel top as well as the steering wheel. And Lexan EX-L is a very ductile material at all temperature ranges. So what that means for a passenger in the car, in the instrument panel particularly,
When your airbag deploys at any temperature, you don't need to worry about being injured by the fragments of your instrument panel through which the airbag is deploying. So really from a safety perspective, a passenger can appreciate the advantage of that technology. The Chevy Volt is a no compromise vehicle. Matter of fact, this vehicle is set up and the components are set up so it has a top speed of 120 and can go continuously at 100 miles an hour until your fuel runs out.
We're so proud to be a part of this program with General Motors and certainly appreciate their openness to the new technologies that we're providing. Bob Lutz said, I mean, in his entire automotive career, he hasn't been more excited about such an opportunity because it's not evolutionary, it's revolutionary. And I think this has the potential, especially from a design standpoint, to change the game. And so that's what's really exciting.