Hello everyone, I'm Steve Kincaid with Honda and we're celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Honda Accord, the best-selling car in America over the past four decades. Today I'm here with the all-new 2017 Accord Hybrid.
the most technologically advanced Accord we've ever made. Whoa! Hey, James. Hey, Steve. Hey, everybody. I'm James Shinkins. I'm also from Honda, and I've come all the way from 1976 with this fine ride right here, the all-new 76 Accord hatchback, the Accord that started it all. I'm not sure what's more impressive, the fact that you brought the 76 Accord with you or that outfit. And did you sign a waiver to be on those roller skates? Dude, it's all good. I just left the roller derby so I could get here in time.
And what exactly is a waiver? Never mind that, just don't fall. I'm just glad you could be here to take a lap around the all-new 2017 Accord Hybrid, literally. This technological marvel is powered by our new two-motor hybrid system and is the most powerful and fuel-efficient of any midsize hybrid sedan. Wow, man, well I really don't know what a hybrid is, but it sounds pretty boss. Well this honey over here uses Honda's CVCC engine technology. 1.6 liters, all-aluminum head, 68 horsepower,
34 mpg, this baby hugs the curve, sips the fuel, and it does it all so cool. Yeah, that CVCC engine was a sweetheart. What else you got? So how about this? Rear window defogger, intermittent wipers, one single key for both the ignition and the doors, and a locking gas cap.
Some pretty smooth tech, don't you think, man? I get you, James, and I'm really starting to dig those threads. Oh, thanks, dude. You know, we've made quite a few impressive advances since the original 76, James. How about Apple CarPlay, Android Auto? You know, Accord is one of the first cars to offer both. Dude, I have no idea what that is. But check out this headroom.
That's some pretty good Honda packaging, isn't it? Yeah, it's certainly quite important for you, given the lid you're sporting. Aren't you hot? It's all good, dude. Just like these 13-inch steel wheels. Are you talking about the wheels of your roller skates or the wheels of the car? Well, one thing's for certain. Looks like we've come a long way in 40 years. More than 12.7 million Accord sold since 1976, making Accord the most popular, best-selling car over the last 40 years. Wow, man. Well, definitely a lot has changed over those years, Steve.
But one thing is for certain, Accord has never lost its touch with what makes it a great car. Happy birthday Accord, and you stay classy my friend.
Are you talking about the wheels on your roller skates or the ones on the car? Some pretty compressive Honda technology. Definitely come a long way over the past 40 years. I can't do it again. I can't do it. I'm done.