Hi, I'm Jim from Mercedes-Benz. I'm going to show you how to recharge the battery in your B-Class electric drive. The B-Class is powered by an advanced high voltage battery pack. As you drive, the battery charge is consumed, much the way a conventional car uses gasoline. Recharging a battery is different from refilling a gas tank, of course, but there are also differences in your driving range and how the battery responds when its charge runs very low.
With a full charge, your B-Class has an approximate driving range of 85 miles. Many conditions can affect that range. Hills, temperature, and your use of climate control and other features. Your driving style matters too. Be sure to watch the separate video on driving your B-Class. You can charge the vehicle at home, at a public charging station, and almost anywhere there's an electrical outlet.
Different types of chargers use different voltage, either 120 volts, like an ordinary household outlet, or 240 volts, which charges the battery much faster, usually about three and a half hours for a full charge, though you can get about 60 miles of range in less than two hours.
You'll find 240 volt charging at most public charging stations, and you might have had a 240 charging station professionally installed in your home. Your utility company can tell you more about those, and they might offer some incentives. Before charging, the car should be in park, with the parking brake set and the vehicle switched off. You plug the charging cable in here, under a flap that's like a fuel filler. Push on the flap to open it.
The socket in the car is called a J1772 plug, and it's a universal standard used by most charging stations today. Push the locking tab to the right, and the socket cover opens. Insert the cable into the socket until it snaps into place. A message in the instrument cluster will note that the cable is connected.
Most chargers perform a self-test at startup, and public stations might need to exchange some technical information with the car, as well as activation by a credit card or other device, so charging might not begin for a few moments. While the car is charging, you might hear sounds from the car. It's normal for the car to activate its own cooling fans and other systems at times. Don't start or move the vehicle while it's charging. When the charge level display in the car, and often on the charger too, shows 100%, the battery is fully charged.
Your B-Class comes with a charging cable that's specifically engineered for the car. It's stored in a case in the cargo area. You can plug it directly into a standard three-prong household outlet that delivers 120 volts. We don't recommend using an extension cord or any non-approved adapter. When you plug it in, you'll see a few LED displays. The top row is actually two readouts. A green light on the left indicates it's receiving AC current.
A green light on the right confirms the built-in circuit protection is active. It might take a moment for these to appear after a self-test. If either lights up solid red, unplug the cable from the wall and see your operator's manual. The lower indicator shows the rate of charging, low or high. You switch between the two by pressing the round button. Use the low setting if your 120-volt outlet cannot handle the higher setting and trips its fuse or circuit breaker.
You should always check the maximum permissible current for the outlet, or ask a qualified expert, and adjust the charge setting as needed. Drawing too much current can overheat the circuit and create the risk of fire. You can also vary the charge rate from inside the car. Using the multifunction steering wheel, select the settings menu, then E-cell, maximum charge, and make a selection. The charger will always use the lower value between the car setting and the cable setting.
A full charge can take up to 30 hours or more using 120 voltage. There might be rare occasions where a few extra miles of range are necessary, like if the availability of charging stations at your destination is very limited. If you press the optional Range Plus button, the next charge cycle will be extended, along with the driving range. Please be aware that the more you use this feature, the more you shorten the life and overall range of the battery. It's only for occasional use.
When you're done charging, press the button on the cable and remove the plug from the car. If you're using your 120 cable, unplug it from the wall and keep it with the car in its case. If you're using a 240 charger, return the cable to its receptacle. Snap the socket cover closed, then close the flap. If you try to drive away with the car plugged in, a warning may appear in the dash. Of course, you don't want to do this. You can damage the car and the charger.
You can see the state of charge on the smaller gauge inside the speedometer. It works much like a fuel gauge. A digital readout above the speedometer shows you the driving range available at the present state of charge. Again, driving style and other conditions can vary your actual range. If the charge drops below 13%, the reserve indicator lights up in the charge gauge. Charge the battery as soon as possible.
Below 5%, vehicle performance will be reduced in an effort to preserve remaining range and protect the vehicle. If you approach 0%, you'll see a warning to pull safely off the road immediately, since the car is about to turn off. Please read your operator's manual for more information about charging and storing your electric vehicle. If you have further questions, your Mercedes-Benz dealer will be happy to help. Thanks for watching.