Bonsoir! Je m'appelle Jerome Guillaume. I'm the leader of the truck program here at Tesla. And it's my great pleasure to welcome you here in Los Angeles!
All of you, all of you have played a very important role in making this event possible and ensuring the success of Tesla. Many of you here have given lots of referrals for their sales. Thank you very much. Many of you over there have helped us on the Trek program, have given us feedback, have given us a lot of advice, and have placed a lot of reservations for the Trek. So thank you very much for your support. And finally...
I want to thank all of our employees here in Los Angeles, in the Bay Area, and at the Gigafactory for all their hard work, for something. We make a lot of sacrifices, but I think you will agree with me that it's worth it when you see those beautiful products. I'm personally very passionate about trucks. I've been lucky to work in that industry for a long time, and I'm proud to say that we have the best trucks ever. Ready to see them!
Bring them on! I'm going to give the trucks a moment. Give the trucks a moment. All right. All right, welcome. Welcome. Welcome to the... Welcome to the Tesla semi-truck event. I hope you like what you see. I'm going to tell you about everything that this truck can do. It blows my mind. I think it'll blow yours. Starting with performance. So we have an acronym we came up with that I think really...
really describes the performance well. So it's a technical term, but let's show you what that means in acceleration. So one thing we care about Tesla is we really care about performance. We want a vehicle that feels incredible, that accelerates like nothing else. Let's show what the truck, what it's like to be in a Tesla truck. This is real time.
The Tesla Semi will go zero to 60 in five seconds. That's by itself or with a trailer. Now at 80,000 pounds max gross vehicle weight, that's the most amount of weight you can carry on a US highway. This is the real time acceleration of a Tesla Semi. On the left, the thing that looks like it's not moving is a diesel truck. Give it a moment.
I'm sorry to bore you. I apologize. It's boring. I know. Eventually, it'll get there. All right. Even with 80,000 pounds pulling max gross, you're getting 60 miles an hour in 20 seconds. That's what it can do. Now, what about up a hill? Okay. The best diesel trucks can only do 45 miles an hour up to 5% grade. Tesla Semi can do 65 miles an hour up to 5% grade.
That's 65 miles an hour continuous at max gross. What this means is that if you're pulling a load over the Rockies or some mountain terrain up a hill, you're earning per mile. You're earning 50% more per mile than you are in a diesel truck. That's a gigantic difference. Now, one of the biggest questions we've been asked about electric trucks is, well, how far can they go?
Well, let's find out. So 500 mile range. But what does a 500 mile range mean? And by the way, it's 500 miles at maximum weight at highway speed. So you're doing like 60 miles an hour. That's a worst case scenario. But what it means is that because the vast majority of routes, because the vast majority are under 250 miles, it means that you can go to your destination and back.
even if your destination has no charging, you can go there and back, go there at home without recharging. So you can deliver a load out to the middle of nowhere and come back. Now how do we achieve this? One of the ways we do this is we design the Tesla truck to be like a bullet. So whereas a normal diesel truck is designed more like a barn wall, this is a bullet. You can see this in the drag coefficient.
The Tesla Semi has a 0.36 drag coefficient. This is a really good number. By way of comparison, a Bugatti Chiron, which is a $2 million supercar, has a 0.38 drag coefficient. This has got a better drag coefficient than a supercar. By the way, you can see that in the design.
Part of the way we achieve that is with the bullet-shaped nose. We also have side flaps that map to whatever trail you're pulling. Whether it's a new trailer or an old trailer, the side flaps will map to whatever trail you're pulling and close the gap. So this makes a huge difference to the drag coefficient. The bottom of the truck is also completely flat, so the air can flow straight through.
These are things that you don't see on any other trucks, and it gives us an incredible highway range. One of the key factors. We also have four independent motors. There's a motor on each of the rear wheels, and an independent front suspension, so it's incredibly comfortable to drive this truck. For interest's sake, we created a pickup truck version of the...
Tesla semi it's a pickup truck that can carry a pickup truck By the way, this is you can legally drive that and it shouldn't be legal but You will actually be able to legally drive that with a normal driver's license it's kind of wrong but I get Now what about the driver experience? What does it feel like to drive this truck? It's amazing
Because this truck has no gears, you're not constantly shifting gears. It has one gear, so it's smooth. It's like driving a Tesla. It's as though you're driving a Model S or a Model X or a Model 3. It's just big. It's super easy to drive and it feels incredibly responsive. It's unlike any truck that you've ever driven. And the point of view that you have is also incredible. We put the driver in the center.
So the driver is actually in the center of the truck. You're positioned like you're in a race car. You have complete visibility of the road and all the surroundings. It's a beautiful, spacious interior. You can stand up inside. It's got redundant screens.
And it just feels incredible to drive this. It's one of the best feelings. It's incomparably better than any other truck on the road. You really have to drive it to understand just how good that feels. I can drive this thing, and I have no idea how to drive this, am I? So let's take a few more shots of the interior. Just gives you a sense. By the way, we'll sound like... Also, there's a little trunk in the front. All right, we'll throw that in there. As compared to...
I don't want to hurt your eyes, but that's what a diesel truck looks like today. It's a clutter of third-party devices. It's very difficult to use. It requires integration, insulation. These things don't talk to each other. It's a pain in the neck. It has significant add-on costs, whereas the Tesla Semi, all this is included. It's included in every truck. Everything just works. The moment you get the truck, it's got everything.
And it will seamlessly integrate with all the fleet systems, the things that are really important to the trucking industry. So what about fueling today? If you're fueling a diesel truck, you've got fumes, spills, toxic environment, prices change all the time. And what a lot of people don't realize is it actually takes up to 15 minutes or more to actually fill a truck. You have to sit there for 15 minutes while the tank gets filled. As compared to charging a Tesla truck,
You can charge at your origin or destination. So while you're unloading your cargo, you can charge. So the reason 400 miles is important...
is because you have to take a break eventually. So if you drive for five or six hours, that's about as much as you want to be driving continuously, because you have to stop for a bathroom break, get a bite to eat. In fact, you're legally required to stop for 30 minutes. But 400 miles is like six to seven hours of driving.
What this means in practice is that by the time you're done with your break, the truck is ready to go. You will not be waiting for your truck to charge. It's a big deal.
And because of the Tesla mega charges that we'll be installing worldwide, just like we've got superchargers installed worldwide, you've seen the supercharger map. It started off with just a few charges in California. Now we have superchargers throughout the world. You'll be able to go anywhere with a Tesla consumer vehicle. The same will be true of the Tesla Semi. You'll be able to travel anywhere in the world on the Tesla mega charger network.
And that means we can guarantee the electricity rates, because these will be solar-powered megacharges that charge to a Tesla power pack. It's 24-7, guaranteed low electricity. And because these megacharges are solar-powered, your truck is running on sunlight. What about safety?
Now, when I say safety, I'm talking about the driver's safety. I'm also talking about other cars on the road. I'm talking about pedestrians. Safety for everyone. If you've got 80,000 pounds moving at 60 miles an hour, it's a very dangerous thing. Every truck we sell will have enhanced autopilot as standard. The truck will automatically break. Yeah, you can read it too. It'll automatically break.
but it will actually automatically lane keep as well. So even if you're in the truck and you have a medical emergency, the truck will stay in lane and gradually come to a halt and put on the emergencies. If it doesn't hear a response from you, it will actually call emergency services and get an ambulance. It's going to take care of you, it's going to take care of other cars, it's going to take care of pedestrians. This is a massive increase in safety.
A few other things about safety. With that central position, you're in a very safe position. Even if you were to collide with another semi, you have a low center of gravity that gives you really good handling. It means the probability of a rollover is massively reduced because the battery pack is in the floor pan and rollover risk is dramatically reduced. And perhaps most importantly, jackknifing is usually the worst nightmare of a trucker.
How do you stop your vehicle from jackknifing if you're in difficult conditions? The truck will automatically stop jackknifing because it's got independent motors on each wheel and it'll dynamically adjust the torque on each wheel so that jackknifing is impossible. Your worst nightmare is gone with this truck. Gone. You never have to worry about it. So it's a miserable job. Reliability.
Reliability is incredibly important. A truck is your life, it's your business. A truck breaks down, you're disappointing your customers. It's a horrible day, it could be a horrible week. It could break down in the middle of nowhere. It's the safety issues. Reliability is incredibly important. We're putting massive attention into making this truck incredibly reliable. And that's why we are guaranteeing that this truck will not break down for a million miles.
without guaranteeing it won't break down for a million miles because it has four independent motors. You can lose two of those four motors and the truck will still keep going. In fact, even if you only have two of the four motors active, it'll still be a diesel truck. It's not fair, really.
Then it has a few other benefits as well. Brakes are a big deal for trucks. You've got to stop 80,000 pounds, it's not easy, that's a lot of brake wear. But because with an electric motor you can turn the brakes into generators, so every time you brake, that kinetic energy of braking goes right straight back into the battery pack instead of wearing down a brake pad. So brake pads basically last forever. You never need to replace brake pads ever, ever.
So yeah, no brake pad changes ever. You don't have to worry about transmission. There's no transmission, transmission can't break. There are no emissions, no scrubbers, no differentials. And this is the feature I like best, thermonuclear explosion proof glass. Close, I mean it's close. So standard glass, now why is this important? See, look, nothing. Survived a nuclear explosion, that was incredible.
So, actually what's important here is if a nucleus survives a nuclear explosion or you get a full refund. The reason this is important is because truck windshields are huge and they crack about once a year.
And if the truck windshield is cracked, you're not allowed to drive. So actually it's truck off-road if you have a cracked windshield. And that means lost revenue, disappointed customers, it's a terrible day. And if you're stuck in the middle of nowhere, it could take ages to get a new windshield. So actually this detail matters a lot to someone who really understands trucking. It's small but very important.
Then, in terms of connectivity to your truck, understanding what's going on, we have the Tesla app that gives you full information about your truck. This is sort of normal, it's like, we take it for granted, if you've got a Model S or Model X or something like that, but this is not normal, actually, for trucks. You have full access to all your truck information, you've got remote diagnostics, you can...
you can see what's going on, preventative maintenance, the truck will actually anticipate when it needs maintenance and inform you ahead of time. And it connects with the fleet, so if you're trying to manage a fleet of thousands of trucks, this is also incredibly important, all this data's coming in, you know exactly what's going on, it's gonna really help you manage the trucking. Now, having said all this,
you're probably wondering, how much is this going to cost? Because Tesla stuff is expensive. But we realized that the economics of trucking matter tremendously. If your cost per mile is too high, it doesn't make economic sense, you can't make it work. So we really thought about this a lot.
And when you take everything into account, take the lease cost, the insurance cost, maintenance, all of the factors, the fully accounted for true cost of trucking, a diesel truck will be 20% more expensive than a Tesla Semi per mile. I want to be clear, this is from day one. From day one, having a Tesla Semi will beat a diesel truck on economics. Day one. And this is a worst case scenario.
So it gets better than this. This is the worst case scenario comparison. This is taking max vehicle gross, it's going at 60 miles an hour, and it's assuming $250 gasoline price. We're guaranteeing a seven cent kilowatt wholesale price. I want to be clear about that. This is real, these are real numbers. And it only gets better than this. This is the worst case scenario. Now, one truck, a Tesla truck considered by itself beats other diesel trucks.
But what if you have a convoy? So what if you have two trucks following? So you're more like a train driver. In fact, the convoy technology, the tracking technology, this is something that we are confident we can do today 10 times safer than a human driver. So I want to be clear. This is something we can do now. And wait for that plane. There you go. Now if you look at the economics of a truck convoy, it gets way better.
Now a diesel truck is twice as expensive as a Tesla Semi. What this means is it's not just economic suicide to use one diesel truck, it's economic suicide for rail. This beats rail. That's I think really quite profound.
We're confident that this is a product that is better in every way from a future standpoint, that wins on economics against diesel trucks in a worst case scenario, and that defeats rail in a convoy scenario. And production begins 2019. So if you order now, get the car, the truck in two years. Alright, so that's the Tesla Semi. I hope you guys enjoyed what you saw.
All right, guys, take it away. Thank you. Thanks. So it turns out there was some cargo in the truck. There's some cargo in the truck. We thought we'd bring it out. We started Tesla with a sports car, a Tesla Roadster. So that baby got us going. It was the foundation of the whole company was the Tesla Roadster. People have asked us for a long time, when are you going to make a new Roadster? We are making it now.
You know, I don't know if you watch Spaceballs movie, but there's only one thing that's beyond ludicrous, which is plaid. The new Tesla Roadster will be the fastest car, production car ever made, period. And this is the base model. Okay. This is the base model. We're going to talk about
things beyond base maybe next year sometime this is the base model base model will do 0 to 60 in 1.9 seconds okay it'll that is the fastest this will be the first time that any car has broken two seconds at 0 to 60 it'll be the fastest to 100 miles an hour 4.2 seconds to 100 miles an hour faster than that jet over there um it'll do the quarter mile in 8.9 seconds
This will be the first time that any car has broken nine seconds, any production car has broken nine seconds and a quarter mile. These are all world records. This is what we're achieving in the prototype. I wouldn't say what the actual top speed is, but it's above 250 miles an hour. The range, this is gonna have a 200 kilowatt hour battery pack. These numbers sound nutty, but they're real. 620 mile.
Range that's a thousand kilometer range This would be the first time an electric vehicle breaks a thousand kilometers a production electric vehicle will travel more than a thousand kilometers a single charge at highway speed But you'll be able to travel from LA to San Francisco and back at highway speed without recharging The point of doing this is to just give the hardcore smackdown to gasoline cars Drive driving a gasoline sports car is gonna feel like a steam engine with a side of quiche
This thing will have three motors. So it's all-wheel drive, one motor in the front, two on the rear. It'll do torque steering. As I said, 200 kilowatt hour battery pack, 10,000 Newton meters of torque. If you know what that means, it's stupid. It's also a four-seater. So it's a two plus two, two plus two. Okay, you can't put giant people in the rear seat, but you will put...
Okay, a giant person squashed or a small person fit in the bag.
But it's a four-seater. This is four seats. It's convertible, so it's a removable roof. And it has tons of storage. So you'll be able to actually travel somewhere, bring luggage, bring whatever you want, and have plenty of storage, carry four people. It's a real car, it's not just crammed in. So it has all that functionality with four seats. And we expect this to be available in 2020.
So, yeah, exactly. So would you like to come up, would you like to come up and, okay, come on up, come on.