It turns out there was some cargo in the truck. There's some cargo in the truck. We thought we'd bring it out. We started Tesla. We started Tesla with a sports car, a Tesla Roadster. That baby got us going. The foundation of the whole company was the Tesla Roadster. People have asked us for a long time, when are you going to make a new Roadster? We are making it now. I don't know if you've watched Spaceballs movie, but there's...
There's only one thing that's beyond ludicrous, which is plaid. So the new Tesla Roadster will be the fastest production car ever made, period. And this is the base model. This is the base model. We're going to talk about things beyond base, maybe next year, sometime. This is the base model. Base model will do 0 to 60 in 1.9 seconds.
That is the fastest. This will be the first time that any car has broken two seconds at 0 to 60. It'll be the fastest to 100 miles an hour. 4.2 seconds to 100 miles an hour. You're faster than that jet over there. It'll do the quarter mile in 8.9 seconds. This will be the first time that any car has broken nine seconds, any production car has broken nine seconds in a quarter mile.
these are these are all these are all world records okay this is what we're achieving in the prototype i wouldn't say what the actual top speed is but it's above 250 miles an hour the the range this is going to have a 200 kilowatt hour battery pack 606 this is these numbers sound nutty but they're real um 600 620 mile
Range that's a thousand kilometer range This would be the first time an electric vehicle breaks a thousand kilometers a production electric vehicle will travel more than a thousand kilometers a single charge at highway speed But you'll be able to travel from LA to San Francisco and back at highway speed without recharging The point of doing this is to just give a hardcore smackdown to gasoline cars drive Driving a gasoline sports car is gonna feel like a steam engine with a side of quiche
This thing will have three motors. So it's all-wheel drive, one motor in the front, two on the rear. It'll do torque steering. As I said, 200 kilowatt hour battery pack, 10,000 Newton meters of torque. If you know what that means, it's stupid. It's also a four-seater. So it's a two plus two. Two plus two. OK, you can't put giant people in the rear seat. But you will put.
Okay, a giant person squashed or a small, small person fit in the bag.
But it's a four-seater. This is four seats. It's convertible, so it's a removable roof. And it has tons of storage. So you'll be able to actually travel somewhere, bring luggage, bring whatever you want, and have plenty of storage, carry four people. It's a real car. It's not just crammed in. So it has all that functionality with four seats. And we expected this to be available in 2020.
So, yeah, exactly. So would you like to come up? Would you like to come up and... Okay. Come on up. Come on. What the hell with barriers? Touch. Jump over the barriers. Jump over. Thank you for coming. Thanks.