 Video screen for a special presentation featuring the style contributor from the... Detroit, Michigan. Birthplace of the automobile and home to one of the largest companies in the world, General Motors. It's also where we found Chevrolet General Manager, Ed Heathrow. You know, Travis, mid-sized car buyers, they're the heart and soul of what Chevy's all about. Freshman leading the successful rod of the new Silverado pickup, Ed's got the truck ending down cold. But can he manage a total mid-sized car makeover? Ed's a great guy. Really smart, too. But see, we're about to announce what's one of our most important car launches in a really long time. And Ed's been so focused on our segment-leading trucks... The new Silverado. Exactly. That a few of us are a little worried that he's not going to look the part for a car that's essentially going to makeover the entire Chevrolet brand. So what does his wardrobe really like? Ed's a super husband. But his wardrobe, well, it's a little... Dull, it's boring, it's lame, it's vanilla. Conservative and practical. Sadly, it's most unremarkable. Well, he's no Ed Welber. Predictable. Nothing to write home about. Actually, he looks a little bit like a car salesman. Boring? Boring. So how will good guy Ed measure up on the big stage of Detroit as the mid-sized car market learns you don't have to spend a fortune to be glamorous? The Fashion Police are on the case. You know, I really like wearing that gray suit to the auction. Yeah, I think I gotta call you back. I'm Bobby Thomas with Fashion Police. Bobby? Are you ready for your own Malibu makeover? Come on. Okay, bang for your buck. I'm in. You know, you're the best car buyer, they want more for their money, and they wanna ride in style. So, it's all about painting your canvas. You have to express yourself. Are you ready? Pretty cool, huh? Uh, no. But, I... I wanted you to try out a fashion don't so you never go here again. Wow, stylish. Kinda like the Malibu. Exactly, you're getting it. Okay, let's try on a few things. Accessories can make a man, I'm telling you. Now this is what Mr. and Mrs. Mid-sized Car Bottle want. Handsome, nicely tailored, looks expensive, but it's not. It's all about the details and the little extras that you offer, right? Okay, lessons learned today. You want to make a statement. It's all about what you want to say. You want to make you look interesting, refined, confident, in control, all while being comfortable. It's everything you want out of your car. And remember, those accessories, they are everything. It's all about the details. You want to be fun without being flashy. And best of all, not boring. So Ed, what do you think? This is great, but let me tell you what I think. Please welcome recent makeover stars. Chef Ed. Formerly General Manager Ed Dieper. Good morning and welcome everyone. As you see, I have not changed. The only makeover subject that will be appearing on this stage is the new Malibu you're about to see. Let's face it. Most mid-sized cars don't inspire you. Most mid-sized cars don't inspire much in the way of honest emotion. With Malibu, we want to change that. When we set out to completely redesign Malibu, we focused on our customers. And our goal was to stun them and delight them with a car that looks like it's $40,000, but it isn't. And that's exactly what we heard when we showed the new Malibu to potential customers. People commented again and again. I love it, but I can never afford it. Obviously, that was music to our ears. Ladies and gentlemen, the all-new 2008 Chevrolet Malibu. The original the tree was prototype and nothing Novorepnoye. Look at the interior. Is it easy to test? And whoahaha. The overall design is what I think it'll be a great car to design for Call // Like son. And I can say it. Then you can all divided design by television motor. Plane looks like this. Audio defect has wear, so can't be fixed. Which is why we can't make the road really smooth, because again in a car contact jamb. Can't stop. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the star of the fashion place, Bobby Thomas. Hi, Bobby. Hi, how are you? It's nice to see you. What do you think, Bobby? I am so impressed with the car. It's fantastic. Yes, in fashion speak, we would say it's stylish without being overdone, expressive without being flamboyant, just like you. You look good just the way you are, but remember, it is all about the details. Stuff that in there. Your wife will thank me. Thanks, Bobby. Let's thank Bobby Thomas, everybody. Please. Thank you, Bobby. You know what? I really love this car, and this makeover will live on in future Chevrolets. Especially this dual port grille treatment. And in other cues that will define Malibu going forward, such as the raised hood design, where the fascia actually wraps up and around, creating an attractive island hood. The jewel front and rear lamps, a longer, lower, and wider stance. Malibu's dual cockpit design, roomy interior, and two-tone leather seating options give the car a refined and a tailored look. And customers are not going to believe everything they see. And customers are not going to believe everything they see. And customers are not going to believe everything they see. And customers are not going to believe everything they see. And most importantly, surprisingly, the spots on this car are 120% the same asঞ Hardwood and Roherty where we're at intuams. And most importantly, everybody is looking to go Cadua back and forth, which, in itself, is the greatest response to the mobility, for whether it's the price or the interior's price. Seatounding. Hours. Importantly, the rest of the car also lie next to the rear seat armrest at cover with the DOHC. The Rと S pointed up in the back seat cabin on the You're looking at the merchandise that comes in. Shifters, T You know, midsize car buyers also like lots of choices, so packaging will be flexible. For example, buyers can opt for the up-level interior but stick with the standard engine. It's not just any engine. It's an engine as powerful as the design, giving customers our latest dual overhead cam technology for reduced emissions, excellent fuel economy, and 164 horsepower. The new Malibu offers a six-speed automatic transmission on both the four-cylinder and the six-cylinder engines, and also look for a hybrid model at the start of production. This Chevrolet Malibu is a big win for our customers. And here's what sets it apart. Malibu delivers all the looks, the lifestyle, the upscale amenities for an MSRP that starts around $20,000 and is backed by GM's five-year, $100,000 range. With that kind of price tag, you can see that we're serious about our commitment to the midsize car market. And we can't wait for you to come up and take a closer look this morning. But first, we have one more important piece of business. It is my distinct pleasure to welcome to the stage the driving force behind our North American product assault, products like this great new Chevy Malibu. Please welcome the president of GM North America. Troy Clark. Troy? Troy Clark. Thanks a lot. I got to tell you, I am certainly glad that Chevrolet didn't have me start off this press conference. And I really want to thank Ed for being such a great support. And I guess it's really true, there's nothing that Ed won't do to sell a car. You see what can happen. You see what can happen. You see what can happen. can happen when you let the designers do their best work. And this has led us to a very important conclusion at General Motors. The days of compromises and leaving customers wanting more are long gone. Great design, the kind that makes you want a car or a truck, appropriate, affordable technology that resonates with customers. These are the keys to our product success. We showcased our commitment to great design and the creativity and elegance of our vehicles at the style event on Saturday evening. And we continue to demonstrate our commitment to bringing that type of a dynamic, affordable style to the market with cars like the new Malibu. We recognize that the car business is extremely competitive, and we accept the challenge. Make no mistake, GM is back in the car game. We've already proven that we can lead the way in trucks. And now we're restaking our claim to the midsize car segment as well. Consider the Saturn Org, North American Car of the Year. If you look at the Cadillac CTS we premiered yesterday, or this new Malibu, which will be in showrooms this fall, you know we're serious. The CTS defines luxury, while the Malibu offers great style and technology to an even broader audience, the heart of the market. And we're not stopping there. Our new Chevy Camaro is another icon for Chevrolet. Expressive style, refined performance, great value, and now with the exhilaration of an open-air driving experience, the Chevrolet Camaro convertible. A brand new engine dead to its time when the enthusiastsalnya, this is sweet. And future products, like the Chevrolet Volt are tangible proof that General Motors is committed to developing advanced technology capable of delivering viable solutions to the challenges for consumers. is committed to developing advanced technology capable of delivering viable solutions to the challenges for paired vehicles. is committed to developing advanced technology capable of delivering viable solutions for hair city dealers in the next five or six years. Is this suite a 처v rival solution, a Barbie solution, aentry tube vehicle and herbal ethanoled Quốc calm? facing this industry. Over the past three days we've shown you some of the new General Motors. A revitalized organization with a passion for design and a focus on technology. Believe me there's much more to come. Thank you for being with us this week. Ed, please join me and now we invite all of you to come up and take a closer look at the new General Motors. Music