 Next I'm going to go over some of the interior features of the car. First I'm going to start out with the seats. So on the driver's side seat only, underneath the center of the seat there's a latch that you can make the seat move forward or backwards so you can make the car fit for you. It's only adjustable on the driver's side, not the passenger side. Of course you've got the safety belt here as well. You can close cars, just pull it across, lock it in. Of course I can adjust the seat. The steering wheel is not adjustable. The seats also have an inflatable lumbar support. On the driver's side it's right next to the seat. You can just pump it up. It inflates the middle center of the back of the seat. And there's a button, you probably can't see it here, but it's just right underneath the pump. You can push. It'll release the pressure. On the passenger side it's right next to the underneath of the seat. All right, now I'm going to go over the features of the carbon fiber center console. First I'll start from the top here. Of course you have your emergency lights. Next you've got the seat heaters. Push it once for it to be on high, or the warmest setting. It's orange. Then you push it a second time to go a little bit lower. It turns green. Push it a third time to go off. It's on both the passenger and the driver's side. Go through the three settings again. And then they're off. Next from there, when you want to turn on the heat in the car, you actually have to adjust a couple things. You can't just turn it to, say, warm or cold to have something happen, or just turn on the fan, because the fan will blow, but it won't actually blow warm or cold air. You actually have to engage the heat. You can't just turn it to, say, warm or cold. You can't just turn it to, say, warm or cold. You can't just turn it to, say, warm or cold air. You can't just turn it to, say, warm or cold air. You can't just turn it to, say, warm or cold air. Engage either the heat from the right button or the AC from the left button. And just like before, if I push it, it turns on. You get a light that indicates that it's on. Push it again to turn it off. That was the heat. See the AC, the light lights up blue for on and for off. So if I wanted the AC on, I would turn to the cold section. Turn the AC on and then turn the fan on. And if I wanted the heat on, same thing, I turn it to warm, turn the heat on, and then turn the fan on. So if I wanted to recirculate the air in the car, same thing, there's the recirculate button right there. The light turns on to indicate that it's on. And of course, I can turn it off as well. Next, you got the dial at the bottom if you want it to, if you want the air to blow from the top vents, if you want it to blow on your feet, and of course you can adjust it anywhere in between those. And then you can also have it turned all the way to defrost or anywhere in between defrost and your feet. So that's the fan. Thanks for watching. From there, we've got the gear stick. You can put it into reverse, neutral in the center, or all the way back for drive. Final button at the bottom is traction control or TC. If you push the button, it actually doesn't do anything. You actually have to push and pull the button for about five seconds. If you do that, then you'll see TC on the dash. And then you'll see the button. It means traction control is off. The car always defaults to traction control being on for safety. Finally, you have the emergency brake. Just like most cars. You push it. You pull it straight back to lock it, or you push the button to disengage. And that's the center console. All right, next I'll talk about storage. Inside the car, there's three different places you can store stuff. There's one over here on the right. There's the trinket tray here in the center, the aluminum tray. And then underneath, the center console right here. All right, also down here in the storage area for the center console, you've got your 12 volts if you want to plug something in. And also, there's the iPod adapter so you can plug your iPod in and it'll connect with this area on the car. Next, I'll talk about the center console. So of course, you have your RPMs as well as your speed on here. You can see everything light up there. If I turn on the lights, you can see that everything lights up. So another unique feature of the dash here is the digital readout. You see on here, it tells us information like how much charge is left in the vehicle, how many amps the car is using. As well as how many miles we've gone. Of course, I can cycle through and get different information. So now here's our trip. If I push and hold the button that's on the right side of the steering wheel, on the stock of the steering wheel, I push and hold, it resets to zero. Go through again. See it's estimated range right now. And then back to odometer. Next, you've got the steering wheel. On the steering wheel, if you want to honk the horn, it's not in the center. That's where the airbag is. They're actually on the sides right here. You might not be able to see them, but they're small images of horns on each side. Next on the left stock, you've got the turn signals. Turn on the right turn signal. Down to the left turn signal. Center is off. For a quick flash of the high beams. You're good. Pull back. And for high beams to be on, push forward. Next, pretty normal like any car, you've got your windshield wipers as well as the fluid. If you pulled straight back, you would get windshield wiper fluid put up onto the windshield. If I just push up once, it gives a quick sweep of the window. If you go up to the first setting, it's low or intermittent. And if I go up from that, it goes on. And then high. Right underneath the VDS is where you can turn on your lights. You've got parking lights. And you've got your lights all the way on. Then there's the trunk release button. And then you've got the adjustment for the light on the interior gauges. And that's it. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.