 Direct from the Cobo Hall in Detroit, the Auto Channel presents exclusive press pass coverage of the 2009 North American International Auto Show. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Toyota Motor Sales Group Vice President, Environmental and Public Affairs, Irv Miller. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. And nice to see you again. Thank you. And welcome to this, the first of two world debut news conferences that our company has planned for this show. Over the last few months, many have asked how the changes affect our plans for this year's show. Well, I'm here to tell you that we're committed to this show, to the city of Detroit, and to the success of our industry. New vehicles and technologies generate excitement and traffic to our showrooms. We shouldn't let a sour economy... We should let a small economic picture cloud the great news being announced this week. Now more than ever, while we are so focused on the pressing issues of the moment, let's not lose sight of our future. Nowhere is it more important than our industry's duty and commitment to provide sustainable mobility with vehicles that reduce fuel consumption, diminish our carbon footprint, and lower overall greenhouse gases. And while Toyota... Toyota is investing heavily in advancements such as fuel cells, plug-ins, and battery electric vehicles, we believe that the gas-electric hybrid will be our core technology for many years to come. Sometime during the 2010s, Toyota plans to sell 1 million gas-electric hybrids per year. To accomplish this, we will launch as many as 10 new hybrid models between now and then in various parts of the globe. To help the global market grow, we will launch a new hybrid model, the Lexus Hybrid. To tell you more about the first example of this ambitious effort, it's my pleasure to introduce Lexus Group Vice President and General Manager, Mark Templin. Mark? Thanks, Irv. And thank you all for joining us here this morning. You know, as Irv mentioned, we weren't going to miss this show for anything. Not only do we want to support the industry, but there's no way we were going to miss our anniversary. Twenty years ago, we chose the North American International Auto Show to debut our very first Lexus cars, the LS400 and ES250. And I'm truly honored to be able to stand on this stage today, on our 20th anniversary, and introduce the latest all-new vehicle from Lexus. Now, from the beginning, Lexus has found creative new ways of looking at vehicles. We've worked hard to give new perspective to luxury, value, quality, and innovation. In 20 years, Lexus will be the first car in the world to be a part of the Lexus community. And we've seen the Lexus has gone from question mark to benchmark, leading to a landmark series of hybrid vehicles, like the one we're debuting here today, the first-ever dedicated luxury hybrid. Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure to introduce the all-new 2010 Lexus HS250h. So much to say about the rare of matte yellow babe wrapped up pulled by Formula 4, all the way through Edge quando itぉm has started a winning streak. Last year, it was thelermost also finishid a McDonald's dalgona tornada sedan and the end perhaps,ail about 1080p WBobny'hh shrimp, again emerging in backseat, its傾ing정을 class car- promised to theakatel voodoo with Cassie Theoulsof, Fanico We'll be right back. We'll be right back. We're excited about this car because more than 60% of entry luxury car buyers would have considered buying a hybrid if one had been available. They also want a car that's kinder to the environment, with outstanding gas mileage and low emissions, as well as one that offers advanced features, the latest electronics, and one that delivers exceptional comfort. So we've created the hybrid-powered HS sedan. As I mentioned, the HS is a dedicated hybrid. It's not sold with any other powertrain. The HS will be the most fuel-efficient Lexus, and while EPA numbers haven't been finalized, we expect it will offer the best combined MPG of any luxury vehicle in the U.S. In fact, its city MPG should be higher than the two-passenger smart microcar. The HS is the first Lexus equipped with a four-cylinder 2.4-liter Atkinson cycle engine that produces 187 horsepower. As many of you know, Atkinson cycle refers to sophisticated valve timing made possible through the use of our VVTi system, which significantly increases the engine's efficiency. But that's not all this engine has going for it. Just like our next-generation RX hybrid, the HS features an exhaust heat recovery system to aid in engine warm-up and help enhance fuel economy. And here's an added plus. It can run on regular-grade 87 octane gasoline, which, the last time I checked, costs a lot less than diesel fuel. Now, the HS is a little longer in overall length than the IS and about the same width. The HS slots nicely between the IS and ES and really complements our entry luxury lineup. Now, utilizing a front-wheel drive platform, the HS has unexpected roominess, thanks in part to the slim, advanced design of the front seats. Like all Lexus models, the HS is designed for excellent engine performance. We've designed special engine mounts and applied special coatings to dampen road and engine noise. We've reduced vibration thanks to careful work on the shape and thickness of the suspension mounting points. And we've engineered other measures, some very subtle but collectively very effective. As a result of our attention to detail, like all other Lexus vehicles, the HS offers a very quiet cabin. At .27, it also offers an excellent coefficient of drive. Thanks to a standard front spoiler, a rear under spoiler, under trays, and diffuser fins. It also has a unique, gull-wing-shaped roof that allows air to easily slide over the top. The HS is equipped with McPherson struts up front, double wishbone independent rear suspension with coil springs all around, and anti-roll bars front and back. The steering is rack and pinion, but with a few clever twists. The HS steering is a little more dynamic than the HS, and it's a little more dynamic than the HS. The HS steering system utilizes a brushless electric motor built on the steering column. This not only improves the steering feel, but helps emissions by not draining engine power like a conventional hydraulic system does. There's a lot more here than meets the eye. The electric motor is also part of our optional new lane keep assist feature. This new technology is designed to alert the driver of an unintentional lane departure, and adds steering torque to help the vehicle stay in the center of its lane. The feature can also be turned on and off at the discretion of the driver. We've designed a very futuristic and advanced yet comfortable cabin that offers standard 10-way power leather seats, a moonroof, and premium audio systems. The driver can receive information not only through the instrument panel, but in three other ways. Through the multi-information display, the available navigation screen, which is positioned back at the top of the dash to improve the driving experience, and the automatic navigation system. The driver can also be turned on and off at the discretion of the driver. The HS has a multi-information display, the available navigation screen, which is positioned back at the top of the dash to improve the driving experience. So complex that it oops unto the driver. or through an optional heads-up display. Now the heads-up display helps reduce the need for excessive eye movement. And it shows so bright you can even read it in direct sunlight. The HS also allows access and control of information through the steering wheel mounted multi-information switch. to control of information through the steering wheel mounted multi-information switch. And through our all new remote navigation device, that was first introduced on the All-new RX. Which people are discovering is bothutenal, which is part of the BRS nationals special speed familiy lightized design for all new VW vehicles, is both intuitive and fun to use. Now, a good deal of thought went into the controller's positioning. Sitting in the front seat and lowering your hand to the controller is as natural as sitting at your computer and reaching for the mouse. You can even control the tension on the cursor by adjusting the amount of feedback that you prefer. Now, we have a couple of these demonstration kiosks in our display, so you'll have a chance to experience for yourself just how easy the controller is to operate and how much fun it is. Now, the HS features our new multimedia package as standard. It includes our improved Bluetooth, integrated satellite radio, voice recognition, a USB iPod connector that is easily controlled by steering wheel buttons or the display screen via the controller. The navigation system includes a new, upgraded casual speech voice recognition program, XM Nav Traffic featuring real-time traffic updates with rerouting, and up-to-the-minute on-screen weather, stock, and sports information. The XM Nav Weather feature allows customers to get live weather updates while driving in more than 150 cities. The HS will also feature our next-generation telematics, which includes the all-new Lexus Inform and Safety Connect systems. Now, while Safety Connect provides automatic collision notification, a stolen vehicle locator, and 24-7 emergency and roadside assistance, Lexus Inform includes much more, such as access to operators who are able to send destinations directly to the car's navigation system. Lexus Inform also allows customers to pull up multiple points of interest from their home or office computer, or any web-enabled device for that matter, and send them directly to the car's navigation system. So, let's say you're planning a road trip, and you have several points of interest that you want to make sure you hit along the way. Well, via the internet, you can select and send up-to-date, to 200 destinations directly to the car. Now, this is all very usable technology that gives HS drivers choices to accomplish different tasks using their favorite means. Similar to the system on our top-line LX570, the HS also offers a wide, 190-degree front-view monitor. The monitor utilizes a camera located in the grille, so the driver can easily check hard-to-see blind spots, like those you'd find exiting a parking garage in a busy urban area. The HS offers an optional pre-collision system, which can alert the driver to potential situations that may be an emergency. But collisions can't always be avoided. So, just in case, we've included class-leading 10 airbags. We've also included active front-seat head restraints to help reduce whiplash injuries, standard LED taillights, and optional LED headlights. So I think you get the idea. We've put a lot of thought, and a lot of comfort, and safety systems into the new HS. But we've also made sure that the HS gives back. We've used plant-based eco-plastics in upholstery, luggage trim and trunk panels, as well as foam and injected molded parts. In total, 30% of the interior and cargo area utilizes eco-plastics. In fact, 85% of the HS, including the batteries, can be recycled. So there you have it. The first dedicated luxury hybrid, the 2010. HS250H. A car for buyers who want luxury, high mileage, low emissions, usable technology, and of course, value. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm very pleased to have with us today the person most responsible for the development of the all-new HS, Chief Engineer Hiro Koba. Kobasan. Thanks, Kobasan. Every year, since we showed the first RX Hybrid, we've been working with the company to make sure that the car is as good as it can be. We've been working with the company to make sure that the car is as good as it can be. We've been working with the company to make sure that the car is as good as it can be. We've done countless years of work on this car, so it's an honor to be here. But the point is, we have a new luxury hybrid. We've introduced a new luxury hybrid. This year, we're debuting the world's first dedicated luxury hybrid. It kind of makes you wonder what we'll show in 2010, doesn't it? Well, to date, Lexus has sold more than 157,000 hybrid vehicles. We're working with the company to make sure that the car is as good as it can be. The company is the chief engineer of our luxury hybrid, and we're working with the company to make sure that we're getting the best out of it. No one has the experience with luxury hybrids that Lexus does. To date, Lexus has sold more than 157,000 hybrid vehicles. No one has the experience with luxury hybrids that Lexus does. We're excited that the HS is one of three key launches for us this year. In addition to the HS, the all-new RX starts arriving at dealerships next month. The IS Convertible will hit showrooms in late spring. The ISC will give us a convertible coupe in the entry luxury segment for the very first time. We started out 20 years ago relentlessly pursuing perfection. We got passionate about it, and now we're pursuing perfection and innovation in ways our customers never thought possible. The HS 250 is the anniversary present that we're sharing with you today. The HS is all hybrid and all Lexus, and we can't wait until it goes on sale late this summer. Now, at this time, I'd like to give the photographers down in front a chance to take a few pictures of the HS, and after that, I invite you all to come up and take a closer look. Thank you, and please enjoy the rest of the show. Thanks for watching The Auto Channel. For more coverage of the Detroit Auto Show and all other major auto shows, visit theautochannel.com, the Internet's most complete and comprehensive automotive information resource.