 Looking for a new or used vehicle? The Auto Channel has dozens of searchable databases with the latest pricing information, in-depth specifications, and tons of reviews, and it's all available free. The Auto Channel That's why we invited all of you here this evening to have a chance to get to know our new Buick lineup. And to help me with that, I'm going to invite one of the biggest champions that we have for Buick, a person who needs no introduction, our Vice Chairman for Marketing, Advertising, and Communications. I'd like to invite to the stage Bob Lutz. Bob, could you join me? Thank you. Thanks for being here, Bob. Well, thank you, Susan. The new Buick Regal is the next step in transforming the Buick brand into what many of us at General Motors over the last 10 years have hoped that we could make the Buick brand be. Are we going to unveil this car together now? We are. We are. You and I. Let's do it. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. The new Regal is directed at the new American sort of 40-year and under consumer who is currently buying Acuras and Infinities and that kind of thing. Because it's a dynamically excellent car. And in terms of its ride and handling tuning, it's thoroughly European. So this is really a world-class, mid-size sports sedan. What do you guys think? Do you like it? Well, the thing that's so great about this, it's a very sporty car. It really gets what a Buick's all about. Real refinement in its design and its execution. It's also a very bold design. You know, that very strong waterfall grille that all Buicks have. But they're very graceful lines, very flowing lines throughout. I think it's for anyone who likes a very fresh, sporty car. A sedan that really has the look and feel of a coupe, actually. So I think it's really a younger buyer for the Buick brand. And I think it's going to be a very broad group of people who will be interested in the car. Thanks for watching The Auto Channel. For more great automotive information and entertainment, visit TheAutoChannel.com. The Internet's most complete and comprehensive automotive information resource. The Internet's most complete and comprehensive automotive information resource.