 From ride quality to fit, finish and the quality of materials, luxury has been a hallmark of Lexus from the very start and the CT 200h carries on that tradition. Thanks in part to the acoustic glass windshield and extensive use of vibration isolating technologies, this new luxury subcompact delivers a Lexus quality ride quiet and smooth. Inside engineers drew on a new material called New Lux for the standard interior upholstery trim, supple yet very durable New Lux was chosen both for its leather like feel and its environmental benefits. It weighs half as much as leather, generates 65 percent less co2 in the production process and requires no volatile organic compound or any other material in the metal. In addition to the high level of plasticity, we have a wide or metal based dies in its production. In terms of the interior, the cockpit-like layout has been designed with driver needs in mind, putting all critical driving controls within comfortable reach while driving. The standard 10-way power adjustment driver's seat includes a Lexus memory system with three position buttons that also control the outside mirrors. The interior offers choice as well, with four different accent trim materials available as dealer installed options. Those choices include standard textured black, black metallic, genuine ash burl wood, and genuine bamboo. In addition to luxurious upholstery and trim, the rear passengers may notice their seats are more centered and slightly higher than the front to give second row occupants a better view of the road ahead. CT200H owners can also opt for one or more of the available luxury features, including an available one-touch open-close moonroof to let a little of the outdoors in, an available Lexus premium audio system with 10 speakers and six CD changer, an available backup monitor with its picture displayed in the rearview mirror or on the navigation screen in vehicles equipped with that feature, an available advanced parking guidance system, and a new rearview mirror system offering visual and audio feedback as the vehicle approaches obstacles while backing up, an available electrochromic driver's mirror with compass that dims automatically when it senses headlamps approaching from the rear. Electrochromic outside mirrors are also available, available rain sensing windshield wipers, and an available HomeLink programmable garage door opener. Combined with outstanding materials, precision fit, and high-quality technology, the CT200H is a great choice for a car that is looking to get a little more comfortable. Combined with outstanding materials, precision fit, and high-quality technology, the CT200H is a great choice for a car that is looking to get a little more comfortable. These comfort and convenience features represent the kind of luxury the world expects from a Lexus.