 The Scion IQ is one of the newest members of the Scion family. Only about 10 feet long, this two-door micro subcompact is incredibly efficient and innovative in its design. Notice how the A-pillars are pushed far forward and the side windows are large to help create an airy passenger cabin. And there are lots of cool details, like halogen headlights with unique projector low beams. The IQ's alloy finish side mirror housings are equipped with turn indicators and include a convenient folding feature that's perfect for tight spots. Check out the three-tier tail light design, a red lens at the top and two clear lenses below, with an amber bulb in the center. The IQ offers two different wheel cover options for the standard 16-inch steel wheels at no extra charge. Alloy wheels are optional. Under the hood, there's a 1.3-liter engine with 90 horsepower. It has a total power of 74 horsepower and 89 foot-pounds of torque. It features dual variable valve timing with intelligence, dual VVTi, that constantly adjusts the intake and exhaust cams throughout the rev range for best performance. The IQ's lightweight CVT automatic transmission not only saves weight, it also enhances fuel efficiency by providing a gear ratio that's ideal for the driving conditions from moment to moment. The IQ has EPA-estimated fuel economy of 36.5. The IQ has EPA-estimated fuel economy of 36.5. the IQ has EPA-estimated fuel economy of 36.5. The IQ's weight tag жить 35.6 miles per gallon in the city and 37 miles per gallon on the highway, before it even reaches 35 tacks on the highway, and it does it using regular gas. This car has夠worked on clean roads with surprising Torah and Brabinsense zoals на улице черокого空 locate 1-2 SPI e possible special Plus, the IQ meets the ultra-low-emissions vehicle standards set by the California Air Resources Board, which are even stricter than the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency federal standards. Unściepungsazon traumas miracle der Sionmquirke To complement its sporty side and its ultra-efficient packaging, the IQ rides on MacPherson Strut front suspension and compact lightweight Toursion Beam rear suspension. Unski sense今日 Like all Scions, the IQ excels in divers%ing performance vehicles. Like all Scions, the iQ uses electric power steering or EPS. It gives the steering a precise feel and helps save fuel. The turning radius is just 12.9 feet, so the iQ is just the ticket for crowded urban driving. With its hatchback design, the iQ also offers impressive utility in a micro-sized package. Plus, the iQ's rear seats can split 50-50 or fold flat to create enough space for several pieces of soft luggage. So let's slide into the iQ's driver's seat.