 Bob Carter. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for spending a part of your day with us. I'm happy to be here in New York because it's home to the world's greatest auto show. And it's also one of the oldest auto shows. You know, since 1900, it's chronicled the nation's automotive industry. And in a city that has 12,000 taxis and 800 miles of subway track, it pays tribute to the ingenuity and freedom that personal transportation provides. Through the good times and the bad times, it's always been a place where the auto industry can get together and flex some muscles. And this year, it's no exception. After several tough years, the industry is roaring back. And that's good news for everyone. Because the auto industry is the largest manufacturing sector in the nation. And as sales continue to improve, the industry will help stimulate the economy. And I promise you, Toyota will continue to be a leader. Because we're bringing new products to market faster than ever before. For example, the all-new Camry continues as the number one selling car in America. It has better quality and driving dynamics. With sales of more than 42,000 Camrys last month, Camry had the best March ever. And another example is the Prius family of hybrid vehicles. Which offers a 50 MPG liftback, the fast charging plug-in, the versatile V and the recently introduced seat. And with consumers facing record high fuel prices, Prius couldn't have started a family family at any better time. Last month, the Prius family members accounted for a best-ever sales of nearly 29,000 units, making Prius one of the industry's top nameplates. Then next month, we're going to introduce our first affordable sports car in a very long time. The Scion FR-S is a great balance between performance and handling at a price starting under $25,000. Then we also have the restyled 2013 Venza crossover, which combines a sleek design and SUV flexibility, and it's making its global debut here at the Auto Show and is in our display. It's designed for active boomers. The Venza feature... ...accompanies a new front end, redesigned 19-inch wheels, and our new Entune connectivity system. As a matter of fact, we're going to be introducing a total of 19 new or updated products this year alone under the Toyota, Scion, and Lexus brands. And the car I'm about to show you is one of those. This is a car that captures Toyota pride. It's the first car to be introduced by the president, Akio Toyoda's vision for more exciting vehicles. It's designed, engineered, manufactured, sold, and serviced here in America. It's an all-new premium midsize sedan that's going to attract a wide range of buyers. And I'm really excited about this car, but I'm just as excited about the people who created it. Now, everyone knows about Toyota's sales and manufacturing career. And I'm sure you know that. But, I'm not sure if you know about the U.S. But, many of you may not know about our design and engineering capabilities. Let me show you what I mean. Everybody felt really strongly that design had to be a compelling reason to buy this car. We really honestly started with a clean sheet of paper. We had our sketch review. We had all these different ideas to choose from that we hope all meets the criteria. We had our sketch review. We had all these different ideas to choose from that we hope all meets the criteria. We had our sketch review. We had all these different ideas to choose from that we hope all meets the criteria. We had our sketch review. We had all these different ideas to choose from that we hope all meets the criteria. But this one idea really stood out to all of us. Millie-Aun had this one perfect little rear three-quarter sketch. It was this quick, empathic, really emotional sketch. I think everybody honed in on that image. My proposal was selected for the themed sketch. It's literally a dream come true. It had a theme where we used kinetic energy. It was a, you know, we used kinetic energy. It really captured the image. It really captured the image. the essence of our concept. What was really different about this design process from the very beginning is it was all done in North America. Honestly, I'm really most proud of the fact that this car was developed by a bunch of Americans. This is the first time that's happened. To take it from the concept phase and move it all the way through the process. I definitely think it's possible for Toyota to be known for great design. This car's bitchin'. Now it's my pleasure to introduce a fantastic new vehicle. A car that's gonna lead the way to an exciting new era of design and driving enthusiasm for Toyota. This car was designed in the mid없이 after the 1970's. Oh my God. And this car is still movement-sensitive to when you there's the существada heart of ASC位 I saw him . When I was a little kid I saw this VERY veteran group member doing their thing. And now he's an eighth grader. But first, gotten to know this car. Then all of a sudden I was like, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.