 From an industry leader comes an electric car not just well liked but full-on loved, adored and talked about. And for good reasons, a few dozen actually. Introducing the all-new Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric, the most intelligent, fun-to-drive, zero-emission vehicle on the road. Eco-conscious, non-compromising and refreshingly relaxing. Finally, there's an electric vehicle that feels like a Mercedes-Benz. The B-Class Electric is all the driving pleasure you expect from us, but unlike any Mercedes-Benz ever made. It can easily be charged at any private or public charger, or even from a station. The B-Class Electric is a standard outlet. One of the quietest and smoothest rides of any electric vehicle on the road, it brings comfort to new heights and back. The 177 horsepower electric AC induction motor delivers 251 pound feet of torque, quick acceleration from zero to 60 in just 7.9 seconds, and nimble performance that reduces voltage at light loads, saving even more energy and helping to increase range. The B-Class Electric offers a top speed of 100 miles per hour, and a top speed of 100 miles per hour. To allow for flexibility and comfort, the B-Class Electric gives you the option of a radar-based recuperation system, and industry first. When braking or coasting, regeneration is optimized via a radar sensor to recapture the optimal amount of energy to get more miles from every charge. The steering wheel mounted paddles also offer manual control of recuperation. It's an innovation you won't find in any other vehicle. Its dynamic design and meticulous details are what make the B-Class Electric a breakthrough on the road. Available in a wide choice of attractive colors, it has a bold front grille, headlamps extending into the sides of the vehicle, a wide rear window, and straight-line headlamps. The B-Class Electric is a great choice for those who want to enjoy the ride, and want to enjoy the ride. The B-Class Electric is a great choice for those who want to enjoy the ride, and want to enjoy the ride. The B-Class Electric is a great choice for those who want to enjoy the ride, and want to enjoy the ride. Plus, to give it a most elegant appeal, it also features LED daytime running lamps. The high-end interior of the B-Class Electric personifies the craftsmanship of a true Mercedes-Benz. Eye-catching chrome detailing, round air vents, and a sleek display screen look as innovative as they do stylish. Leather upholstery and high-quality finishing gives the passengers the true refinement of riding in luxury. The carpooling is no problem for this stylish four-door design that comfortably seats five. It's designed to make space extremely efficient and provides a spacious cargo area to easily accommodate an active family on the go. You'd be amazed at how much you can fit in the B-Class Electric while still providing plenty of legroom. Not only can you get a smoother ride on the highway, but a much quicker one too with HOV lane access. Besides its beauty, what elevates the all-new B-Class Electric from other electric cars is the unparalleled reputation of Mercedes-Benz innovation. Mercedes-Benz was the first to bring the lithium-ion battery to the market, and our engineers continue to work tirelessly to pioneer automotive breakthroughs that shape the industry, and in some cases, the world. The B-Class Electric packs a high-performing lithium-ion battery that can conveniently be recharged at any standard 120-volt hour. The B-Class Electric is a premium-grade electric car that can be used for a long time, and can be used for a long time. The B-Class Electric is a premium-grade electric car that can be used for a long time, and can be used for a long time. Charging time for 60 miles can be less than two hours, easily covering the average daily commute. And there's no need to worry with an estimated EPA range of up to 87 miles on a full charge. This vehicle can get you through the day comfortably and quickly. Even more, our battery coverage allows for proper maintenance and greater peace of mind. As a space-saving feature, the lithium-ion battery is neatly tucked away in the energy space under the cabin floor. This keeps the vehicle center of gravity. low, which makes for a superior driving experience. And thanks to the built-in battery warmer, there's no need to worry about the battery freezing in cold weather. Since it uses plug-in power, it won't drain the battery, but enable improved range instead. Mercedes-Benz will provide customers with the opportunity to acquire a state-of-the-art Level 2 charging station for your home, suitable for both indoor and outdoor use. City traffic, short trips, and long journeys can be enjoyed with greater peace of mind, knowing you can recharge any place, anytime. The B-Class Electric has you covered. When it comes to information and communication systems, unsurprisingly, the B-Class Electric boasts the signature sophistication of a true Mercedes-Benz. It features a multimedia system with internet access, navigation with a voice control available option, and a seat-in-the-car. The B-Class Electric is a 3D player with MP3 capabilities. The instrument cluster lets the driver access vehicle information right from the steering wheel. With the touch of a button, the battery charge, driving range, and numerous vehicle settings can be accessed. The B-Class Electric also allows the most tech-savvy consumer to stay plugged in from any location. Remotely, you can check the battery's charging status, map driving range, locate charging stations, or preset climate control. The B-Class Electric is a fully automatic system that allows you to control the battery and its mode with full control options from the palm of your hand. This vehicle thinks of everything, including your convenience. Your safety is also of utmost importance with the B-Class Electric. True to our heritage, we're engineered to protect you in ways you might never have imagined, starting with an advanced system of nine airbags. With Collision Prevention Assist, a visual and acoustic alarm will alert you when a collision may occur and assist you when braking. Plus, radar-based sensors can perfectly control the temperature and temperature of the environment. That's all for Now, and we hope you enjoyed this video. can detect the distance and speed of the vehicle ahead and adjust to the current traffic situation accordingly. Other high-tech safety features include Blind Spot Assist, which displays an icon on either side mirror if it senses a vehicle in your blind spot, Attention Assist to help sense a drowsy driver, and Active Park Assist to visually indicate the distance between your vehicle and an object when you get too close. The cutting-edge Embrace technology comes standard with a three-year subscription on the B-Class Electric. Embrace gives the driver unprecedented access to the car via a user-friendly mobile app. Stolen vehicle tracking, roadside assistance, collision response, remote unlocking, and send-to-car directions are just a few of the many features Embrace offers. A last feature worth noting is the electrically heated windshield, part of the Range Package, which enables fast and energy-efficient defogging with ease. Without using AC or heat, this means less waiting and more driving with the B-Class Electric. If there's one thing people expect from us, it's the unexpected. We do what conventional automakers do, just without any of the convention. The eco-friendly, funded drive Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric is undoubtedly something to talk about. It's electric driving at a premium level. PAGE 8 of 8