 Hi, I'm Kelsey Mays for Cars.com. Audi was one of the first luxury auto makers to offer buyers a really entry level luxury car in the A3. Now here we are at the 2013 LA Auto Show checking out the redesigned A3 which has proliferated into a sedan, a cabriolet convertible, and a hatchback. There's also an S3 higher performance version of the sedan. Let's take a look at all of them. With its low set grill and wide headlights, the A3 is not going to be mistaken for anything other than an Audi. The auto maker says it developed this car with the US and China in mind and so it's not a very small car. Wheel base grows about two inches versus the prior generation A3. Overall length about 175 inches for the sedan. That's about 10 inches shorter bumper to bumper versus the larger A4 sedan. Simple dashboard greets the eye. It kind of follows what Audi's been doing lately in some of its other cars, removing this gauge hood that would go all the way across the center part of the dashboard. Very clean, simple design here. There's a screen that pops out of the center part of the dash. It uses Audi's multimedia interface here which now adopts a little thumb pad that you can kind of write across. It's a version of Audi's MMI touch used in other Audi vehicles of late. This one places the touch pad right on top of the dash. The screen just piękly points forward. The top of the dash is basically boom boom boom destroyable and the top of the dash, incredibly fast, to get the engine up and running is incrediblyост Matthewpoint has ratified this model. Top ? Back here, of course. The real suspension flows catch on. It actually da wonders. I just drove around on the inside of this, and one shiver slosh-woo-woo, and you'll realize on the outside, if you toss anywhere you just stomp the seat. Bo saying the Korean Bottom, too. Route has n contam. feet tall that's where i'd sit to drive i have enough leg room left over but not tons here and the seat does sit pretty low to the ground so your knees as an adult kind of up in the air there is a standard split folding rear seat here in the a3 sedan pretty useful it exposes a giant opening across takes the center seat belt with it in this car at the auto show there's also a center pass through that opens up a lot of utility there powertrain specifications are still being finalized but the a3 will offer a 1.8 or 2 liter turbo four-cylinder there will also be a turbo diesel four-cylinder the s3 will offer a higher output 2 liter turbo four-cylinder which should have somewhere around 280 290 horsepower the cars will have front or all-wheel drive and finally audi's a3 e-tron hatchback will have a plug-in hybrid drive train the a3 and s3 arrive in early 2014 for the sedans the cabriolet a3 arrives in fall of 2014 and finally the a3 e-tron hatchback arrives in 2015 so stick around for more news closer to those dates