 Hello everyone, we are here at the New York International Auto Show. My name is Peter Chaney, Product Information Specialist for Hyundai and I am here with John Shon who is going to talk to us more about the IONIQ Vinyl. So John, can you break down this vehicle that's right behind you? Yes, this is the IONIQ Hybrid. It is the first of three IONIQ models that will be launched very shortly. The IONIQ Hybrid is currently available for sale in all 50 states. This particular model that you see here is a 59 MPG highway which is the highest in the industry. On the front of the vehicle what you see is a unique design element with a grille and headlights integrated together. Also to help with the coefficient of drag and aerodynamics, we have active grille shutters within the grille design that closes on highway speeds for better coefficient of drag. Also here you see 17 inch alloy wheel design that is an EcoSport wheel. So even the wheel design itself helps with the coefficient of drag and overall dynamics which of course helps the vehicle's class leading fuel pump. The 2017 IONIQ Vinyl vehicle has all the latest advanced active safety features. Automatic emergency braking with destination detection, lane departure warning system, along with blind spot detection and rear cross traffic alert are offered on the vehicle. What we wanted to do is make sure that you have features that will help keep the vehicle on the road. And also help people avoid accidents all together. Now once you come to the rear of the vehicle you see it's a very sculpted shape. Also it has all the functionalities of a hatchback. You can see it's a 5 door shape with plenty of cargo capacity for all your carrying needs. So not only is it aerodynamically efficient, it's the most fuel efficient vehicle but it also has the versatility and cargo capacity of a hatchback vehicle. All IONIQ models come standard with a 7 inch touchscreen audio that has Android Auto and Apple CarPlay smartphone integration. Also another great feature that we have is wireless charging for your portable device. Thank you John for your time, we appreciate it. If you want to see more about the IONIQ lineup go to HyundaiUSA.com or you can visit our social channels and you can get more information there.