 We defined this model in a really early stage. More exclusive, more elegant. We wanted to have an even more higher positioned car. My name is Markus Eberle and I am part of the Audi Sport product marketing team and responsible for the Audi RS Q8. We want to have all typical RS genes in the car. We want to have good acceleration values. We want to, of course, ensure these performance figures. We implemented a V8 4.0-litre bi-turbo engine. We have actually the engine from the Lamborghini Urus and we have a bigger transmission with massive 800 Nm of torque. And with this power output we are able to accelerate the car from 0 to 100 km per hour in less than 4 seconds. If you think about Audi Light, we've been introducing innovation constantly. Actually, this is the first time we've been thinking out of the box. And we thought with digitalisation it's time to design out of the box. My name is Cesar Montara. I'm the head of the light department at Audi. When you unlock the RS Q8 you will have a completely different experience. You will feel the DNA of Audi Sport. The light segments will move much quicker. They will come one after the other in a very quick sequence. And then, especially in the rear, after this quick sequence you will have the light band switching on and it makes something very special. The rhythm is completely different. It's a bit like an acceleration. It's telling you you're going to feel something special. For the first time ever in the RS Q8 we offer our typical known RS super sports seats with the honeycomb stitching. For the first time with the massage and the cooling function. This is completely new in the RS Q8 and this also gives the car this changeable character from driving really to driving. From driving really sporty to driving really comfortable. This is reflected in our suspension offer as well. So we have in the RS Q8 a standard air suspension and this allows the customer to adapt the car to the surface and the driving style. What we of course open is a kind of a new dimension of RS interpretation with the RS Q8. It is a challenge to make a real RS out of this huge body style and huge car but in the end we're trying to do so and we successfully did.