 Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Given the currently difficult conditions for travelling and events, we've decided to opt for a static vehicle presentation inducer on a purely digital platform. But this is not going to be a one-way communication, no. We want to engage in a dialogue with you. So, the event is split up into three parts. Following the reveal of the Q5, Ashley Cleave, as the exterior designer, will talk us through all the details of the reworked car. This is followed by Christian Koenig, who will be in dialogue with me to talk you through the engineering side of the Q5, he's project manager in the technical development. And as the third here, I'm going to introduce you to Michaela Bentz. She is product speaker, responsible for the Q5, and thus the expert for all issues to do with marketing and sales. Together, we're all available after the presentation for your Q and A's. But of course, already during the presentation, you're free to send in your questions by writing into the chat window, and we will answer them afterwards. Then, we will have a Q&A session. So, let's get started. We'll start the second part of the sneak preview. And that is the individual photo and VJ session, if you have registered your need upfront. So, dear guests, the Q5 is the most successful SUV model from Audi. It started in the summer of 2008. It became the first model generation of the Q5 that was built up until the fall of 2016 with 1.6 million units shipped. The second generation since then has continued on this across the globe. So, let's get started. The Q5 is a model that has been a success for over a decade. And now, after four years, receives a product upgrade. Now, what are the features that make the Q5 worldwide such a success? Well, it's definitely its appealing design, its versatility and variability, but also its everyday usability. And of course, it's greatly appreciated because of its sportiness and driving performance. Because ultimately, the Q5 carries the technology topic of Quattro quite exemplary in two versions. It's particularly efficient, quite fast. It's a very well-known car. It's a Quattro with ultra technology or as the well-known and tried and tested Quattro with torsion mid diff. But of course, there's other engine transmission versions available with front-wheel drive. But we'll come back to that later. But now, I don't want to keep you much longer, dear guests. Here it is, the new Audi Q5 in its new look. So, I have the pleasure of taking you through the new Q5. We'll start with the front with the Audi icon. Of course, the single-frame grille. What we've done here is we've separated it now from the bonnet here and moved the whole thing down. It's now wider and shares the octagonal grille that you'll see in all of the other Q cars that we have at Audi. What we've also done is created a new headlight, of course, with a new daytime running light signature. And this is now together with the single-frame grille producing a much more focused look for the car. Other sides, this is the S-line car, so it's the more sporty-looking exterior. And we've kind of gone in the direction of the RS cars and integrated a more vertical kind of look. And we've also added a new air intake at the side here. If we move around to the side, we can go past the optional 21-inch Audi Sport wheel. And then you see here we've kept the shoulder line from the existing Q5 design. However, we've added a new rocker at the bottom, which works slightly like a bridge to support this shoulder line. It makes the car look more athletic. And then if we move around to the rear, we start at the bottom, work our way up. We have a new diffuser. It's a little bit more sporty than before. We've got more integrated design elements and a more athletic feeling. Moving upwards, of course, we have now our new Audi digital OLED taillights. This is a world first in this segment. And it allows us to offer all of our customers a new look. We've got three individual signatures, but Mike will tell us a little bit more about that soon. We've then joined the two taillights with this bar to really bring the car together and give it a much fresher look. So with that, I'll give you back over to Mike, and he can tell you more about the taillights. Thanks a lot, Ashley, for your explanations. Well, I must say I do like the taillights. I do like the taillights. I do like this fresh look very much. And I'm quite convinced that, well, design will remain the key purchase argument for the Q5 from the customers buying the Q5. Now, as you know, Audi has been for some time a byword for progressive light technology. Now, Ashley already has stressed the new digital OLED technology in the rear light. We would like to show you that in more detail now. OLED is an acronym that stands for organic light. It's a digital light. It stands for organic light-emitting diode. So OLEDs are particularly efficient organic light diodes, which, unlike the conventional LED, provide a homogenous light over pretty far and big areas. The customers of the Q5 can, when they order a car, pick one of three rear light signatures. And every signature has a very specific coming and leaving home light scenario. What you can see here is the leaving home function when you open up the car. Now, this animation of signature one, two, and three, as well as a fourth signature, can be activated when you activate the Audi Drive Select mode dynamic. Now, another function of the digital OLED rear light is the approximation detection. If another traffic user or traffic participant comes closer to Q5, anywhere to two meters, all the OLED segments will be activated. But if the Q5 gets going again, the original light signature shines up again. And the basic fitting with the Q5 are now at the front, LED headlights. And as an option, you can also have matrix LED headlights. And once you've arrived at your destination and you close the Q5, you have a so-called coming home light function being processed. And here again, each of the signatures has its very own and distinct light signature. What we can see here is the lightsignature. This is the lightsignature one, two, three, four. Now, the latest infotainment generation, the MIB3, is now also deployed in the Q5. A joint demonstration of some of the features have in the cabin been done due to corona and therefore been prerecorded in this following clip. When you open the car, the car will instantly ask you what is desired driver profile. Over the personalization function, you can have up to six individual user profiles. And you can have individual user profiles stored in the Audi Cloud and retrieve in all cars that are connected via the My Audi account. This means the couple's some adjusting of seats, exterior mirrors, air conditioning and infotainment is a thing of the past. The Q5 now receives the latest infotainment generation, the MIB3, with a 10.1-inch large touch display. Thanks to the touch operation, you have the new infotainment generation, the MIB3, with a 10.1-inch large touch display. Thanks to the touch operation, you have the new infotainment generation, the MIB3, with a 10.1-inch large touch display. You have the peuvent das conv Все hier die 3 Drückstelle auf Firmälk BECCHR You have the past I er trägt trie pelaう Franksterne in please해서 Den Kandits of the Inalten If you want to do vaccines, you can also thanks. Ent Coco, a medium for 3 key natservipho. The voice dialog system will evaluate your voice input also online, which means it becomes a lot more varied and can understand you a lot better. I'll just show you here by entering a navigation command. So I'm saying, take me to Munich into Leopoldstraße 25. And if you're on a longer trip, like in this case to Munich, you sometimes have human needs cropping up. For example. I'm hungry. And it will tell you, I will look for a restaurant along your route. You can now enter further search terms or pick or not the options. So I say, I need a toilet. I will look for a toilet along your route. The traffic flow in real time is now displayed exactly the lane that you're driving in unpredictively. In this particular case here, for example, you've got a closed lane in a construction site. You can see from that symbol to the top left there. Parking information will now also indicate the probability of finding a parking space along the road. Another service of the swarm intelligence is the traffic light information in select cities. It will show the driver the remaining time, until the next green phase, if he's waiting, for example, at a red traffic light. And it will tell him what speed to drive, so that he can pass the next traffic light through a green light. With function on demand, you can now also release services subsequently, that you may not have considered when you ordered a car. If this Q5, for example, wouldn't have had Navigation Plus or Audi Smartphone Interface, the owner could order these functions subsequently by going through his My Audi App and ordering them. And your personal Amazon Alexa account can also be operated quite conveniently by voice control in the Q5. If you want to take the Q5 off-road to enjoy it, you will have an inclination angle display available and also a downhill assist to help you. The air suspension can not be controlled by the Q5. The air suspension cannot only change the clearance over a wide range, but also offers you the most comfortable suspension comfort and more efficiency when you drive a little faster on the motorway thanks to an improved aerodynamic setup. Now, dear guests, we have not yet said a word about engines. Here in Europe, we're starting with a 2-litre TDI engine with 150 kW and a Q5 40 TDI Quattro. It is followed successively by two further power units. These are the two-litre TDI engines with 100 and 120 kW. And obviously also a 3-litre V6 TDI engine will be coming. When you look at the petrol engines, we've got a 2-litre TFSI with 150 kW and 195 kW on offer. And of course, the highly demanded TFSIe with a plug-in hybrid powertrain will also be parcel of the offer. All four-cylinder engines have a plug-in hybrid powertrain. All four-cylinder engines have a 12-volt mild hybrid system on board for efficient brake recuperation. And all six-cylinder engines have a 48-volt mild hybrid system. And the core components of the mild hybrid system are the belt starter generator and the lithium-ion battery as a storage. All diesel engines come with a new twin-dosing SCR system on board. What you can see here is the twin-dosing of the urea and blue into the exhaust system. This means a much better performance. This means a much better situative distribution and thus a particularly effective reduction of nitrogen oxides. In previous systems for exhaust gas processing, there was only one SCR catalytic converter. But now with twin-dosing, urea is now injected further away from the engine into a second catalytic converter. Thanks to a bigger distance to the engine, the temperature window for exhaust gas processing is extended. And that means emissions can, with continuously high exhaust temperatures, for example, if you drive swiftly over the motorway, can be best reduced. Now, Christian, one important powertrain version is one we've not spoken about so far. Which one is that? Well, yes, for the sporty customers, you will find we will have an Emotion SQ5 on board coming to you soon. Well, I guess we could continue like this for some time. But I'm sorry to say we're stuck here. Thank you. We simply don't have the time for that. And therefore, let's start the Q&A session and let's hear from you. So just hook up using the IoT channel or write your question into the chat field. If we can't answer it straight away, we will make sure you will get the answer later after we've clarified it with our experts. So let's get started. Well, Michaela, a question to you to start with. Where is the Q5 going to be built? Well, since 2016, we've been building our Q5 in Mexico. And of course, our new model will also come from Mexico. It works like a treat. We're very happy to have that Mexican plant. Of course, we've also got a plant in China. That's where we are building the long version. But that's exclusive to the Chinese market. And the parts also come from Mexico partly? Yes, indeed. Some of the parts for China come from Mexico. Following that one, a question to Christian. Where are the engines supplied from? Are they also built on site or are they added? The 2-liter TFSI comes from the Volkswagen work in Puebla in Mexico. And it's from there directly shipped to San Jose, Chapa to our Audi plant there. The 6-cylinder TFSI engines as well as the entire diesel line-up of engines come from our Audi plant in Gür in Hungary. Okay, so it's a very international network of supply and assembly. Now, a question to you, Ashley, as the designer. You work as a team. But of course, there's also a designer who's a designer. Yes. And as you say, is in charge for that product upgrade. How can we imagine how this works? How has the teamwork done? Is everybody responsible for a particular segment or have you got a democratic vote at the end? Well, principally speaking, we're one team. That's true. And we'll start out with a competition and simply to find out what is the best concept for our car. And then we continue to work as a team on that concept that we've picked. And of course, looking at the entire exterior design, we've got a department like the light department. That's where I work or for color trim or for the wheels. So it's a big team effort, I must say. Do you have a personal favorite in the product upgrade of the Q5? Is there anything you'd like to emphasize in particular? Well, I'm convinced of most. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm convinced of my own work in looking at the lights. I must say, I think they're well designed. And I'm quite happy with the process and with the people that helped me along the way to realize that light signature. And especially the OLED rear light is something that I'm quite proud of, I must say. And I think we have, yeah, we've touched a nerve there. And that will be quite successful on the market. Oh, befitting that, we've got a question here coming from Audi Japan. How the OLED detect approach, detect vehicles approaching from the rear. I think I can answer that straight away. It's pretty straightforward because for the approximation detection, we use the already existing ultrasonic sensors in the rear bumper. And if an object comes into that ray of the ultrasonic sensors, that starts around about two meters away, that signal will be used so that all the OLEDs shine up and thus will light up. A question to you. We've not said a word about the transmissions that will be offered in the Q5. Answer. Well, for the four-cylinder engines, we will use the S-tronic transmission with seven speeds. And for the six-cylinder engines, we will use the already known Q5. And that's the Q5. Thank you. And the Q5 is the tip-tronic with eight-speed transmission. Just for the guests, S-tronic and tip-tronic, that's a different technology, isn't it? Yes, the tip-tronic is an automatic transmission while the S-tronic is a dual-clutch transmission. Now, what we haven't mentioned either is the luggage compartment. So, a question to you, Christian. Any changes here? And what is the volume we can offer? The volume, says Christian, has remained unchanged. And depending on whether you've got the rear seat folded down or not, we can offer anything between 550 liters all the way up to 1,500 liters in trunk capacity with the rear seats folded down. I'd just like to mention we've got the rear seat bench plus. That can be adjusted quite to your needs. And you can shift the seats in the length. So, extend your clearance for the knees. And also, of course, the inclination of the seats can be adjusted. That means you can adjust the comfort for those sitting in the rear for longer trips. Or if you need extra space in your trunk compartment, you can also extend your trunk and luggage compartment with this movable rear seat bench. Great. Thank you. There's another question coming in. Any changes in the sheet metal, doors and fenders? Who of you could answer that? Michaela? Any changes to the material? No. No changes to the sheet metal with this model. But, yes, the other parts have been greatly reworked. We'll wrap up the first part of this sneak preview. Some of you have arranged for an appointment with our photographers and VJs. And I would now like to ask these guests to use the personal link they have received at the allocated time. And apart from that, I say thank you also on behalf of the team for participating. I say goodbye to you for today. Thank you very much. And I'll see you soon again.