 This is the Toyota Corolla. Building on over 50 years of sales in the US, Corolla has taken a sharp turn toward the future with this latest generation. With its proven TNGA platform, the 12th generation Corolla's fun-to-drive character is in full effect and it continues to impress with sleek, modern style paired with legendary value and dependability. Let's take a look at how this Corolla takes driving to another level. Corolla's latest lineup combines some familiar names with a few surprises. Classic grades include the modern L, LE, and XLE, and the sporty SE and XSE grades, while Corolla Hybrid LE has astonishing efficiency. Meanwhile, SE Nightshade Edition enhances Corolla SE's appearance with a range of blacked-out accents, while the all-new Apex Edition maxes out the overall appearance of the car. Corolla's latest lineup combines some familiar names with a few surprises. Classic grades include the all-new L, LE, and XLE, and the sporty SE and XLE, and maxes out the style and performance for both SE and XSE grades. So, more than ever before, Corolla's different flavors mean genuinely different vehicles, but they all possess undeniable attitude. Corolla Apex Edition is a real head-turner, and it's just as adept at turning corners. Available in SE and XSE grades, Apex offers the perfect combo of style and performance, starting with a black and bronze body kit and an available rear trunk aero spoiler that replaces the standard design. Additionally, Apex features lightweight 18-inch alloy wheels with a black flowform design, and a sport-tuned exhaust with a bolder exhaust note. Topping off these aggressive looks is a choice of three sleek paint schemes, including a trim-exclusive cement color with a black roof. And when it comes to performance, Corolla Apex tackles twisty roads with a special sport-tuned suspension. Apex is a great choice for those who want to go for a more sporty ride, that features solid stabilizer bars and a lower ride height for more responsive driving. Now pair this with a set of available summer tires, and Apex truly lives up to its name with an incredible driving experience. But Apex isn't the only Corolla with exceptional looks. Lower, wider, and more aggressive, Corolla's refined design speaks for itself. With a host of details unique to each grade, these include a range of stylish options, including eye-catching, and a wide-ranging, wide-ranging, wide-ranging, wide-ranging, and force mode when put into the driver's compartment. And an entirely new feature of this tech is that other Cool ». wheels available on Sport grades, and integrated dark grey accents throughout the SE and XSE grades. Similarly, SE Nightshade Edition adds intrigue with its blacked-out grille and wheels, along with other accents that give Corolla a sharp and unapologetic stance. Regardless of grade, all models also feature standard LED exterior lighting, including headlights, taillights, and daytime running lights. Inside, Corolla's sleek details and soft-touch materials help deliver a perfect blend of practical and premium. This means a comfortable ergonomic and elegant interior with seating for five, including 60-40 split folding rear seats on all models, complete with conveniently designed latch locations that allow for easy installation of car seats for children. All told, the inviting cabin boasts an impressive amount of passenger space. While the trunk can hold more than enough cargo for your next epic road trip, the interior is also a perfect fit for a long trip or workout session. In terms of technology, Corolla is loaded with next-gen street smarts. First, the Audio Multimedia systems feature Apple CarPlay compatibility, which allows drivers to connect an iPhone and access Apple Music, Maps, Messages, and other favorite apps. Additionally, Android Auto compatibility lets drivers connect mobile devices with ease, while Amazon Alexa functionality is also offered on every model. The new Android Auto system is a great addition to the new Corolla system, as it allows drivers to use the Android Auto app, as well as a complimentary three-month all-access trial to SiriusXM. Plus most grades come complete with an 8-inch touchscreen, and select models can even be paired with a premium JBL 9-speaker audio system. Corolla can also be equipped with Toyota's full line of connected services, including Safety Connect, Wi-Fi Connect, Remote Connect, and Service Connect trials, which provides maintenance reminders to both dealer and driver. Corolla's available 7-inch Multi-Information Display shows safety alerts and other important details right in line of sight. That's not to say that Corolla's useful technology is limited to digital displays, however. With other great features available like Automatic Climate Control, available Power and Heated Front Seats, a Smart Key System, and an available Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert that warns drivers about objects just out of view, all of these features come together to perfectly round out this seriously convenient compact car. All the technology in the world wouldn't matter if Corolla didn't put safety at the forefront. But of course, Corolla goes above and beyond to offer peace of mind. First, it features Toyota Safety Sense 2.0, a suite of active safety technologies which come standard on all grades, and includes an enhanced pre-collision system with pedestrian detection. A lane departure alert with steering assistance. A lane departure alert with steering assistance. A lane departure alert with steering assistance. Que Nicholas completed without notice by putting a serious effort to fill the blacklist with speedoot loss issues take anotherx Countdown! Select models are also available with an adaptive front lighting system that can move the headlights when cornering for enhanced visibility through turns. Naturally, Cont ceux starred' chords. features Toyota's signature star safety system as well as two additional rear seat mounted airbags for a total of 10 airbags mounted throughout the cabin Corolla's powerful looks go hand-in-hand with its impressive performance first Corolla's multiple powertrains offer truly distinct personalities for L grades an enhanced 1.8 liter engine pushes 139 horsepower through a continuously variable transmission meanwhile SC and XSE grades harness the punchy 2 liter dynamic force engine that debuted in the Corolla hatchback this engine offers a 30 horsepower boost while also boasting enhanced fuel efficiency over the L grades so drivers can enjoy the best of both worlds it can be paired with either the new dynamic shift continuously variable transmission that features a physical first launch gear paddle shifters and sport mode you can also get a full-size EPS but no matter the grade Corolla's fully independent suspension design and sprightly curb weight means this sedan is so fun to drive you might just need to take the long way home so that's a look at the 2021 Corolla with the heritage that dates all the way back to 1966 Corolla has developed an outstanding reputation for quality durability and reliability and with this latest generations injection of serious style technology and advanced safety as well as the introduction of apex edition this classic Corolla formula just keeps getting better and better top that all off with an approachable starting price as well as great ownership perks like the Toyota care no-cost maintenance plan with roadside assistance and Corolla is ready to create something unforgettable you