 Craving an escape from the everyday but don't want to compromise on style, technology, quality, or dependability? The 2022 Corolla is your answer. With a stellar reputation stemming from over 50 years of strong sales in the US, Corolla's blend of fun-loving performance and cutting-edge technology continues this winning streak with this latest generation. Built on the proven TNGA platform, the 12th generation Corolla's dynamic character continues to impress, pairing its legendary value and dependability with sleek, expressive styling. Let's dig a little deeper and see how Corolla takes those everyday drives to bold new heights. Corolla's latest lineup features some established names and a few surprises. Classic grades and characteristics. The latest models include the modern L, LE, and XLE, along with the sporty SE and XSE grades, while Corolla Hybrid has the most efficient EPA-estimated fuel economy ratings in the lineup. Meanwhile, the Nightshade Edition intensifies Corolla SE's appearance with a range of blacked-out accents, while the Apex Edition amplifies the style and performance for both SE and XSE grades. So, now more than ever, Corolla's different flavors mean more. They all come in genuinely different vehicles, but they all possess the same undeniable attitude. While Corolla's appearance makes a real statement throughout the lineup, its performance is just as impressive. First, Corolla's multiple powertrains offer truly distinct personalities. For L grades, a 1.8-liter engine pushes 139 horsepower through a continuously variable transmission. Meanwhile, SE and XSE grades harness the punchy 2.0-liter Dynamic Force engine also found in the Corolla hatchback. This engine offers a 30-horsepower boost with higher fuel efficiency ratings over the L grades, so drivers can enjoy the best of both worlds. It can be paired with either the direct-shift continuously variable transmission that features a physical first-launch gear, paddle shifters, and sport mode for a more engaging driving experience, or a six-speed intelligent manual transmission with an IMT mode that allows for clever rev-matching downshift technology. Additionally, Corolla Hybrid's impressive EPA-estimated MPG ratings of 53 City, 52 Highway, and 52 combined can help drivers enjoy fewer stops at the pump. And for an even more thrilling drive, just switch on Hybrid LE's Power mode to boost its throttle response even further, whenever you feel like having a bit of fun. Finally, it's clear that Corolla Apex is a real headturner, but it's also just as capable at turning corners. To help tackle those twisty roads, it features a special TrackTune suspension with solid stabilizer bars and a lowered ride height for more agile and responsive driving, as well as a set of available summer tires for enhanced performance in warmer climates. But no matter the grade, Corolla's fully independent suspension design and sprightly curb weight means this sedan is so fun to drive, you might just take the long way home. This amazing performance is clearly reflected in Corolla's exterior styling. This low, wide, and aggressive design speaks for itself. With a host of details unique to each grade, these include a range of exceptional options, including eye-catching 18-inch alloy wheels available on Sport grades, and integrated dark gray accents throughout the body. The Apex Edition offers a knockout one-two punch of style and performance in both SE and XSE grades, starting with a black and bronze finished body kit, and an available rear trunk aero spoiler that replaces the standard design. Additionally, Corolla Apex features a new, high-end, and modern design, which is a perfect match for the new Corolla Apex. The Apex Edition offers a new, high-end, and modern design, which is a perfect match for the new Corolla Apex. The Apex Edition offers a new, high-end, and modern design, which is a perfect match for the new Corolla Apex. Corolla Apex features lightweight, 18-inch black flow-formed alloy wheels, as well as a sport-tuned exhaust with a bolder exhaust note. But regardless of grade, every model features standard LED exterior lighting, including headlights, taillights, and daytime running lights. Plus, this year also sees the introduction of two vibrant and distinctive new color options, Ruby Flare Pearl and Windchill Pearl, while the Apex Edition amplifies its color. The Apex Edition also features a new, high-end, and modern design, which is a perfect match for the new Corolla Apex. But regardless of grade, every model features standard LED exterior lighting, as well as a sport-tuned exhaust note. Plus, this year also sees the introduction of two vibrant and distinctive new color options, which is a sport-tuned exhaust note. Plus, the Apex Edition also features standard LED exterior lighting, including headlights, taillights, and daytime running lights. Plus, the Apex Edition also features standard LED exterior lighting, which is a perfect match for the new Corolla Apex Edition. Plus, the Apex Edition also features standard LED interior lighting, as well as a sport-tuned exhaust note. Here we go a bit as a first-class herself, so let's have a look at these prices! In trouble, price and back Marathon In addition to the question and answer of the Apex national level, we have added a cut-out line every然後 for the complete St Century Corolla Apex Edition. A persistently crawlable car, Its feature-laden console centers around an audio multimedia system with standard compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to Apple Music, Maps, Messages, and other favorite apps from your iPhone. And Corolla also includes Android Auto compatibility, which makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices, while Amazon Alexa compatibility keeps Amazon's digital assistant just a question away. Plus, there's a standard 3-month SiriusXM All Access trial subscription to more than 300 radio channels, accessible throughout the country. This audio multimedia system is seamlessly integrated into Corolla's touchscreen, 8 inches standard on most grades, while select models can be taken even further with a premium JBL 9-speaker audio system. Corolla can also be linked with trials to Toyota's available connected services, including Safety Connect, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. Corolla's new 7-inch Multi-Information Display shows safety alerts and other important details right in line of sight. That's not to say that Corolla's innovative technology is limited to digital displays, however. With other great available features like automatic climate control, power and heated front seats, a smart key system, and blind spot mode, you can easily connect your phone to your smartphone, or use the rear-cross traffic alert to warn drivers about another vehicle or other object detected behind the vehicle. All of these features come together to perfectly round out this seriously capable compact. All the technology in the world wouldn't matter if Corolla didn't make safety a top priority. But of course, Corolla goes above and beyond here as well, offering great peace of mind to all drivers. And this all starts with Toyota Safety Sense 2.0, a suite of active safety technologies which come standard on all grades, and includes an enhanced pre-collision system with pedestrian detection, a lane departure alert with steering assist and road edge detection, automatic high beams, and dynamic radar cruise control. TSS 2.0 also features lane tracing assist, which can provide constant steering input to help keep Corolla centered in its lane, as well as road sign assist, which displays certain road signs on the instrument panel for added awareness. Select models are also available with an adaptive front lighting system that can move the headlights when cornering for enhanced visibility throughout turns. And naturally, Corolla also features Toyota's signature Star Safety System, as well as 10 airbags mounted throughout the cabin. So that's a look at the 2022 Corolla. With a heritage that dates all the way back to 1966, Corolla has developed a world-class reputation for quality, durability, and reliability. Plus, Corolla has received plenty of accolades over the years, and it was a 2021 IIHS Top Safety Pick. And with this latest generation's injection of serious style, technology, and advanced safety, this classic Corolla formula just keeps getting better. Top that all off with an approachable starting price. As well as premium ownership perks like the ToyotaCare No-Cost Maintenance Plan with roadside assistance, and Corolla is ready to take on the best the road has to offer.