 Since it first debuted over 20 years ago, the Toyota Prius has completely transformed the automotive landscape with its groundbreaking leaps into modern hybrid technology. For the 2022 model, Prius is still leading the way and driving the industry toward a more sustainable future, upgraded with welcome feature enhancements and an all-new Nightshade Edition. So let's explore why Prius continues to be the innovative choice for fun-loving and eco-conscious drivers across the globe. The 2022 Prius offers six distinct takes on the hybrid experience so drivers can find their ideal vehicle. First, L-Eco has the best fuel efficiency estimates of the entire Prius lineup, while also having the lowest starting price. From there, the LE, XLE and Limited grade are the best. The LE, XLE and Limited grades each bolster the feature list with impressive style, comfort and convenience upgrades. And as the names suggest, the LE All-Wheel Drive and XLE All-Wheel Drive grades come standard with Toyota's All-Wheel Drive E system for improved traction and confidence in the elements. Finally, an all-new Nightshade Edition brings an array of blacked-out accents that give Prius an extra dose of attitude and style. And it's available with All-Wheel Drive as well. Around the world, Prius is recognized for its fuel-efficient and iconic design. But it pushes the envelope even further with technological innovations that enhance the driving experience while also conserving resources. Even the air conditioning system is designed for maximum efficiency with a Smart Flow mode that only sends airflow to occupied seats. Meanwhile, all grades feature a touchscreen audio multimedia system that's compatible with Apple CarPlay. Which connects drivers to Apple Music, Maps, Messages and other favorite apps from your iPhone. And most Prius grades also include Android Auto compatibility, which makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices. Plus, all grades offer Amazon Alexa compatibility, which keeps Amazon's digital assistant just a question away. And there's even a standard three-month SiriusXM All-Access trial subscription to more than 300 radio channels, accessible throughout the country. And at the top of all, there's a free phone app. The phone app allows you to connect to your phone every day. And it's also available for free on Apple Play and Spotify. And it's the lineup Prius Limited features a vibrant and large 11.6 inch touchscreen display with a 10 speaker JBL sound system and a color head-up display that projects vehicle information right in line of sight. Select Prius grades also add modern conveniences like Qi compatible wireless charging and a smart key system for easy vehicle entry. Similarly most grades feature an intelligent clearance sonar system that alerts drivers to surrounding objects and can automatically brake to avoid a low speed collision as well as intelligent parking assist so drivers can let Prius take the wheel when squeezing into a tight spot. Prius features a refined sculpted exterior and it's not just for looks the vehicle's shape actually helps enhance efficiency by darting through the air with less resistance and when it comes to lighting the path ahead all Prius models offer full LED lighting in both front and rear. Providing better visibility while also saving energy. Additionally Prius XLE and Limited as well as the two all-wheel drive grades feature fog lights to assist during poor weather conditions while the available adaptive front lighting system is even capable of swiveling the headlights to better illuminate the road around corners. And select Prius grades now come equipped with LED accent lamps which serve as an added light source and accentuate the vehicle's original style. Meanwhile the available 17-inch aluminum alloy wheels can be topped with black or titanium finished inserts for some extra flair. The perfect way to round out Prius's eye-grabbing exterior. Finally the new nightshade edition cuts through midnight cityscapes with its black accents on the headlights, wheel inserts, door handles, badges and more. Like its outside Prius's interior is easily recognizable. The interior is also a little bit more comfortable than the previous model which is more suitable for its innovative design. But that means a lot more than just futuristic styling. The airy cabin offers a generous amount of passenger space while the available soft text trimmed heated front seats help deliver a more comfortable ride on cold days. Likewise a lift back layout means Prius is rated with up to 50.7 cubic feet of cargo space. The perfect storage setup for carpools and impromptu camping trips. The Prius has achieved thanks to the standard 60-40 split fold down seat design which provides ample room for your tent or snowboard. But if that's still not enough the available cargo crossbars on Prius offer even more storage and possibilities for your next weekend escape. Toyota has always put a premium on safety so it's no surprise that the entire Prius lineup has been designed for passenger and pedestrian well-being. To this end all Prius models feature Toyota Safety Sense 2.0. This robust safety suite includes a pre-collision system enhanced with low-light pedestrian detection and daytime bicyclist detection, lane departure alert with steering assist and road edge detection, automatic high beams and full speed range dynamic radar cruise control. TSS 2.0 also includes two cutting-edge safety systems not found on the previous Toyota Safety Sense platforms. Lane tracing assist which helps keep Prius centered in its lane while DRCC is operating and road sign assist which is designed to recognize certain traffic signs and display them on the instrument panel. The entire Prius family also includes star safety system, 10 airbags, an integrated backup camera to help see what's happening out back and an available blind spot monitor with rear cross traffic alert system to help keep an eye on hard-to-see areas. Prius is world-renowned for its fuel economy estimates but it also excites drivers with remarkable performance thanks in part to the immediate torque delivery of the hybrid electric powertrain's electric motor but also the underlying TNGA platform and its independent rear suspension perfect for when the roads get twisty. That said smart efficiency is still the main attraction for Prius and that applies to the all-wheel drive models as well. In fact Prius is the most fuel-efficient vehicle equipped with all-wheel drive with a manufacturer estimated 40% of the total fuel efficiency of the Prius model. With a 39 mpg combined rating that still has the capacity to trek through unpredictable conditions. This on-demand all-wheel drive system relies on an electric motor that only powers the rear wheels when needed and it can operate at speeds up to 43 miles per hour. In the Prius family intuitive efficiency and performance have always taken precedence and drivers have wholeheartedly embraced it for decades. This world-renowned Prius is the first car to be delivered in the Prius family. The world-class hybrid continues to revolutionize its segment every year adding advanced safety and convenience upgrades that help inspire the drive while also conserving energy and for even more electric capability the related Prius Prime lineup offers plug-in hybrid technology that has a manufacturer estimated 133 mpg e in EV mode. But whether you prefer Prius LE all-wheel drives off-road utility or Prius Prime's electric efficiency there's no shortage of real-time power and power delivery. Prius Prime is the most powerful electric motor in the world. It's also the most powerful electric motor in the world. The Prius family is a wise choice for drivers who want a game-changing hybrid. Plus Prius is offered at an approachable MSRP with a strong track record for long-term cost estimates and overall resale value. Factor in the two-year 25,000 mile ToyotaCare no-cost maintenance plan with enhanced three-year roadside assistance as well as exceptional hybrid warranty coverage like the 10-year 150,000 mile hybrid battery warranty and Prius continues to set the bar for a more efficient driving experience. Prius Prime is the most powerful electric motor in the world. Unsurpassed hybrid and weren't turned on yet by the move in Max anything