 The Chrysler event will begin in five minutes. Please take your seats. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. It is so great to be back in New York, and I'm really excited about what we have to share with you today. For more than 96 years, Chrysler has been, and I can't wait to see what it will be like in the future. Chrysler is an iconic American automotive brand, and one that's earned a reputation for bringing breakthrough innovation and creating new segments for the mainstream market that delight customers. As you know, Chrysler created the minivan segment nearly 40 years ago, and has created many award-winning products throughout that time. The Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid was the first and remains the only plug-in hybrid minivan. But this is just the beginning. It's the start of our electrification journey, and that future includes our commitment to launch our first Chrysler battery electric vehicle by 2025, and to electrify the entire portfolio by 2028. In January, at CES, we introduced the Chrysler Airflow, which brings together all of the elements of our brand revitalization and our commitment to delivering modern, clean mobility for the mainstream. The Airflow is designed to seamlessly connect people, both physically and virtually, integrating all of the latest Stellantis technology advancements, including StellaBrain, SmartCockpit, and Autodrive. The backbone of the Airflow user experience is the new electronic software architecture known as StellaBrain. This architecture includes advanced AI, AI technology that adapts and enhances the user experience over time. And the flexibility of the architecture enables software developers to create and quickly update features and services over the air without waiting for a new hardware launch. Over-the-air interfaces let passengers quickly and easily add new and innovative features, which keeps the vehicle fresh, exciting, and more capable, so each day of ownership just goes by. And the air flow smart cockpit is built on top of StellaBrain, using AI-based applications to synchronize digital, work, and home environments, and includes features like navigation, voice controls, digital personal assistant, and e-commerce services. Each occupant space and screen can be personalized to access the digital world via connected entertainment, applications, and more. Thank you. Thank you, Krista. It's currently the chief of the floor pornography viewers for the air flow command. The whole announcement may not be perfect on ourarth습니까fd, but this was done with the leadership of Ella Fisher, and Learfield Cereva, and we're part of SPS6. And G urns and downloads. And its seat also features a built-in camera that enables occupants to participate in a group video conference call from the comfort of the air flow cabin. Additionally, each space can be configured as a discreet sound zone, sophisticated appearance that is safe, secure, easy to use and understand. The third technology, Stella AutoDrive, delivers hands-free level 3 autonomous driving capabilities that are also over-the-air, updatable and upgradable. Along with a fully connected user experience, the Chrysler Airflow Concept previews the brand's commitment to delivering a fully electric vehicle lineup by 2028. Airflow's battery electric system includes 150 kilowatt electric drive modules in the front and the rear. The drive motors are located in the front and the rear of the vehicle to maximize interior space, deliver a larger wheel size and wider vehicle stance. And the battery system is designed to achieve up to a 400 mile range on a single charge. This is the advanced system that is designed to deliver a fully electric vehicle system that is designed to deliver a fully electric vehicle system that is designed to deliver a fully electric vehicle system that is designed to deliver a fully electric vehicle system that is advanced technology and the platform that will drive the next generation of Chrysler forward. But it's Chrysler's new persona and experience that will draw you in and make you say, wow. Its ingenious, captivating design stimulates the senses allowing you to appreciate all of the details inside and out. © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon customer experience. We are creating one that is developed with the customer called Project Ingenuity. That will facilitate collaboration on our future innovations, services, and experiences. The result will be a uniquely personalized and delightful experience throughout the purchase, service, and ownership journey. We've reimagined how people buy a car, streamlined the process, and designed an ownership experience around proactive and caring services. We intend to be a catalyst for change in an industry that's ready for transformation. I am so excited about the future of Chrysler. In addition to developing an all-new product portfolio, the Chrysler brand will perform like a startup, bringing an entrepreneurial spirit, speed, and a new way of life. And renewed customer focus to the development of new products, technologies, and services throughout the customer lifecycle. And that will allow us to take a leading role in delivering new mobility solutions that are cleaner, safer, and more seamlessly connected. Thank you. We are the new Chrysler. And we want you to meet the new us. A technology brand that will transform the meaning of mobility. With solutions designed to seamlessly connect. Experiences designed to captivate and delight. Where ingenuity and sustainability meet to deliver wow. And the first chance to get a glimpse of the new us is here. Introducing the Chrysler Airflow Graphite Concept. People first designed, imagined for the way you live. A whole new generation of seamless mobility. Modern and dynamic, yet warm and inviting. Airflow's connected hub is conceived to seamlessly integrate your digital world, creating a personalized space that's more... ...sleek lounge than a means of transportation. A third space you feel at home, alongside your house and office. And because Airflow ushers in the new world of mobility, it boasts Stella Auto Drive, up to level three autonomous driving. Paired with a single charge driving range designed to achieve up to 400 miles. Change is coming. And we're leading it. We're Chrysler. Welcome to our electric future. All credit goes to the kleine billschneider within Тогда, sponsor What We Do. Believe it or not, Today we finished our light duty giveaway. And here is the grand prize. Say goodbye to the work. Apply today. Pentum品 unsereladı. 만들at.eu Text and document yourstereta www.encylُuq.com Ukrainian hecho www. ресirektom 700.000 Thank you.