 What does it take to be a bestseller in a market as competitive as the midsize SUV class? Just ask the Toyota Highlander, which has topped the segment sales charts for five years and counting. Its success is thanks in no small part to its sleek fourth-generation design, which ups the ante even further with its unbeatable formula of style, performance, and premium features. This modern Highlander family exemplifies versatility with gasoline, hybrid, front-wheel drive, and all-wheel drive variations across all six of its core grades. But for 2022, there's now also a special hybrid-exclusive Bronze Edition, sprucing up the lineup with an added dash of glitz. Let's take a closer look. Highlander's sculpted exterior offers an unmistakable design, and the high-end design is a perfect fit for the midsize SUV. Highlander's sculpted exterior offers an unmistakable design, and the high-end design is a perfect fit for the midsize SUV. Highlander's sculpted exterior offers an unmistakable design, that conveys both power and sophistication. This organic styling makes a statement, whether it's pulling up to the restaurant for date night or cruising down the highway with your crew on a weekend trip. This exterior isn't just about looks, though, with Highlander also offering standard LED lighting on all grades, as well as an available hands-free power rear liftgate that enables cargo area access even with hands full of grocery bags or sports equipment. Highlander's sculpted exterior offers an unmistakable design, and the high-end design is a perfect fit for the midsize SUV. Highlander's sculpted exterior offers an unmistakable design, that conveys both power and sophistication. This organic styling makes a statement, though, with Highlander's sculpted exterior offers an unmistakable design, as well as an available hands-free power rear liftgate that enables cargo area access even with hands full of grocery bags or sports equipment. Highlander's exterior also sports an available moonroof, or, in the case of the Platinum grade, a power panoramic view moonroof. And speaking of the roof, all 2022 grades are now available with silver-trimmed roof rails, a feature that was previously only offered on Limited and Platinum models. But when it comes to truly standing out, two Highlander grades clearly take the cake. The bold and sporty XSE, with its unique front-end, black accents, wheels, and twin-tip exhaust. And the all-new Bronze Edition, which takes the hybrid XLE's refined appearance to another level with its exclusive cement paint option. Bronze-colored accents, 18-inch bronze wheels, and so much more. The fourth-generation Highlander has a premium interior that's sure to impress both driver and passenger alike. From its driver-focused interior layout to the dash-integrated design of its touchscreen models. Highlander's interior goes far beyond its style, with its great convenience features, including a standard power driver seat, in-dash storage areas, and rear seat reminder. There's also available rain-sensing wipers and an available 1,500-watt cargo outlet on select hybrid trims. Highlander doesn't come up short on comfort offerings either, with standard three-zone automatic climate control, several available features like heated and ventilated front seats. And even standard leather-trimmed seating on Limited and Platinum grades. And speaking of seating, Highlander XLE, Limited, and Platinum all now include a front passenger seat with eight-way power adjustability for 2022. Plus, XSE offers two unique interior choices, including a red and black two-tone leather-trimmed interior with red stitching, while the new Bronze Edition makes a statement with its illuminated bronze door sills. Mid-century modern-style Softex-trimmed seating, and of course, bronze-colored stitching and accents throughout. Like the exterior, Highlander's interior benefits from the TNGA platform, which helps deliver improved cargo space behind the third row, as well as impressive passenger room in both eight- or the available seven-passenger seating configuration, the latter of which now comes standard on all hybrid grades except LE. When it comes to in-cabin technology, there's a lot to say about the Highlander XLE. Highlander XLE is a great choice for a passenger-friendly car, and it's a great choice for a passenger who wants to be able to take your car for a long time. It's also a great choice for those who want to have a pleasant, fun, and comfortable time in the car. And as always, thanks to Highlander XLE, every Highlander delivers big with a standard touchscreen audio multimedia platform that offers a huge variety of entertainment choices, whether it's music, podcasts, audiobooks, or catching up on phone calls, as well as multiple navigation options, all of which comes together to help make every trip fun and stress-free. And to take it even further, Highlander also offers a gorgeous 12.3-inch upgrade for the touchscreen display, standard on Platinum and available on Limited. But before we go any further, let's talk about the Highlander XLE. Regardless of screen size, this system includes standard compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to Apple Music, Maps, Messages, and other favorite apps from your iPhone. In addition, Android Auto makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices, while Amazon Alexa connectivity keeps Amazon's digital assistants just a question away. Plus, there's even a standard 3-month SiriusXM Platinum Plan trial subscription to more than 300 radio channels accessible throughout the country. Highlander offers great convenience features as well, including available Qi-compatible wireless charging that keeps drivers from fumbling for a cord. But of course, when a cord is unavoidable, there's also five standard USB ports, four of which have now been upgraded to USB-C style connections, two in the front, two in the back. And on select models, drivers can feel like the DJ of their crew with the available JBL sound system. The JBL Sound System is a wireless system that pumps 1,200 watts of power through its 11 premium speakers. Similarly, the convenient and standard Smart Key system enables drivers to leave the key fob in their purse or pocket when starting, entering, or exiting the vehicle. Highlander also supports Toyota's line of connected services, including standard Wi-Fi Connect compatibility on all models, and available Remote Connect to locate your vehicle, lock or unlock the doors, and even connect your car to the car. You can even start the engine all from your mobile device. Highlander's emphasis on safety is clearly evident in its standard Toyota Safety Sense 2.5 Plus suite of active safety systems. This updated bundle includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, now with Intersection Support Enhancement and a Driver-Initiated Emergency Steering Assist Enhancement, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist. Automatic Highlander is now available with the Intersection Support Enhancement and a Driver-Initiated Emergency Steering Assist Enhancement. Highlander's high-speed range dynamic radar cruise control now with Curve Speed Management, Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist. And for added peace of mind, Toyota Safety Connect service also comes standard with Roadside Assistance, an Emergency Assistance Button, Stolen Vehicle Locator, and, in case of an emergency, a Highlander's High-Speed Highlander further rounds out its safety story with standard Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert on all models except L, as well as useful features like available Front and Rear Parking Assist and Automated Braking, and an available Digital Rear View Mirror that shows what's behind the vehicle, even when the cargo area is packed with items. While Highlander's powerful engines ensure that it has no shortage of get-up-and-go, it's really a great feature to have in your car. Highlander's high-speed range-based system is also available with the High-Speed System, and the high-speed range-based system is a great feature to have in your car. The real performance lies in its incredible efficiency and capability. To this end, Highlander's hybrid models have rewritten the book on what's possible for this segment, thanks to an EPA-estimated 36 mpg combined on the front-wheel drive variants. The other key performance story is Highlander's capability and versatility, which can be seen in its newly expanded drivetrain offerings. For Highlander's fourth generation, hybrid models will be offered in front-wheel drive, perfect for Sunshine State drivers that don't need a high-speed transmission. Highlander's hybrid models are also available in the High-Speed System, and the High-Speed System is a great feature for those who want to use the high-speed transmission in their cars. The High-Speed System is also available in the High-Speed System, but it's not the only option. The High-Speed System is available in the High-Speed System, and the High-Speed System is available in the High-Speed System, as well. Of course, Toyota's hybrid electronic on-demand all-wheel drive system remains a staple for those who do need extra traction. And for gas models, a choice between front-wheel and all-wheel drive continues for the latest generation. But now there are two all-wheel drive options – a mechanical system, and a sophisticated Dynamic Torque Vectoring System available on XSC, Limited, and Platinum. That can distribute engine power to the left and right rear wheels as needed to enhance traction. Additionally, both of these gas all-wheel drive systems include standard multi-terrain select, meaning that drivers can enjoy environment-specific capability off the pavement, whether in a Vermont snowstorm or on a San Diego beach. And as icing on the cake, both systems also feature the fuel-saving Driveline Disconnect function to help drivers get every last mile out of their tanks. Built on the TNGA platform, Highlander's chassis strength and suspension design help to enhance vehicle agility while also ensuring a smooth and quiet ride. And for those after sportier steering and more responsive handling, XSC's suspension system and power steering have been tuned to deliver a more engaging driving feel. Highlander's impact on the midsize SUV segment has been massive ever since its launch. The TNGA has been a major driver since its 2001 debut, and that's clearly not slowing down for 2022. And this successful formula is only amplified further with approachable pricing, ownership perks like the ToyotaCare no-cost maintenance plan with roadside assistance, and great peace of mind from warranty coverage like the 8-year 100,000-mile hybrid system warranty and the 10-year 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty. Now top it all off with Toyota's famously strong cost-to-owner. The TNGA is the first car to be introduced to the market. It's the first car to be introduced to the market. It's the first car to be introduced to the market. It has its own estimates and resale values, as well as its reputation for quality, durability, and reliability. And it's easy to see why Highlander is still the one to beat.