 Toyota's electrification leadership has made it a pioneer, and this expertise is in full display in the all-new 2023 Prius Prime. With a totally updated design, exciting performance, outstanding efficiency, and enhanced technology, Prius Prime redefines what a plug-in hybrid can offer. With a sport-oriented lineup consisting of SE, XSE, and XSE Premium, drivers can easily pick the Prius Prime that fits the needs of their lifestyle. Here's a closer look at what sets this segment's standout apart. Prius Prime is purpose-built to perform, thanks to its plug-in hybrid system. Powered by the 5th generation Toyota Hi-Vit, this plug-in hybrid powertrain produces 220 net combined horsepower with a 2-liter engine, two electric motors, and a newly developed lithium-ion battery with greater capacity than prior generations. And because it's a Prime model, this plug-in hybrid can move, too, with a 0-60 time of 6.6 seconds. Built on the second-generation TNGA-C platform, Prius Prime has a lower center of gravity with reduced weight and increased rigidity versus the previous generation. As a result, Prius Prime is more agile than ever, making it more exciting from behind the wheel. In terms of efficiency, the updated battery increases Prius Prime's all-electric driving range to a manufacturer-estimated rating of up to 44 miles. If it isn't charged, Prius Prime simply operates as an efficient hybrid, with a manufacturer-estimated rating of up to 52 miles per gallon combined. With one look at its new, flowing silhouette, it's clear Prius Prime is here to make a bold statement with its latest generation. This starts with a striking front-end design, accentuated by standard LED lighting across the lineup. The sportier theme continues with a reconfigured roof peak that's been moved further back, plus an overall vehicle design that's roughly 2 inches lower, 1 inch wider, and 1 inch longer than the previous generation. To bring some extra style to this enhanced stance, to bring some extra style to this enhanced stance, the XSE comes standard with 17-inch alloy wheels, while XSE and XSE Premium step this up to standard 19-inch wheels. For added form and function up top, a fixed glass roof is optional on XSE and standard on XSE Premium. And just in case of a rainy day, standard rain-sensing wipers can help drivers stay focused on the road ahead. That's not all. Prius Prime continues to innovate with efficiency-enhancing features on the outside. Take the available solar charging roof, for instance. This system improves Prius Prime's efficiency by charging the hybrid battery when parked. On the move, the energy accumulated is redirected to auxiliary equipment like the USB charging ports and climate controls, allowing the plug-in hybrid system to motivate the vehicle more effectively. Once inside, Prius Prime's well-appointed cabin blends comfortably with the interior. This is a comfort and convenience with modern styling. This starts with a heated steering wheel on all grades. On the other hand, XSE brings a soft-text-trimmed heated 8-way power-adjustable driver seat, while XSE Premium adds ventilated front seats, two-position memory for the driver, and available heated outboard rear seats. To complement its creature comforts, Prius Prime comes standard with practical touches like 60-40 split-fold down rear seats and a lightweight tonneau cover that's easily stowed when not in use. Additionally, there's 20.3 cubic feet of cargo volume behind the rear seats, meaning Prius Prime is as practical as it is stylish. Prius Prime's clean interior layout is cleverly integrated with the latest entertainment and convenience features. This starts with a standard 8-inch audio multimedia touchscreen on XSE and XSE. The real show begins with the interior. The real show stopper, however, is the available 12.3-inch touchscreen. In either case, it's easy to tap into the latest generation Toyota Audio Multimedia platform that includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including Maps, Messages, Podcasts, and Music subscriptions. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices and access various apps and services from Google, including YouTube Music, Google Maps, and Google Assistant. Plus, there's a standard 3-month SiriusXM Platinum Plan trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in-cabin and even more on the SXM mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. On select grades, Prius Prime also includes trials to Toyota's connected services, including Remote Connect, Safety Connect, and the new Drive Connect, which includes Cloud Navigation, Destination Assist, and Intelligent Assistant functionalities. On the other hand, an available 8-speaker JBL Premium Audio System lets drivers get the most out of Toyota's latest Audio Multimedia platform, along with six USB-C ports and an available slotted Qi-compatible wireless charger. Prius Prime's tech story doesn't stop there because it makes full use of the latest features to provide added convenience on the road. A top-mount 7-inch Multi-Information System, which is a multi-info system that allows drivers to monitor the road with a wide range of information. The top-mount 7-inch Multi-Information Display keeps crucial information in the driver's sightlines, while standard Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert and available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking provide an additional layer of assistance on the road. On the other hand, the available Panoramic View Monitor gives the driver a 360-degree perspective around the vehicle while maneuvering at low speeds. Finally, with a Drive Connect subscription, the available Traffic Jam Assist takes convenience to another level. Enabling hands-free acceleration, braking, and steering with driver supervision under 25 mph on controlled access freeways. Prius Prime brings peace of mind thanks to Toyota Safety Sense 3.0, a standard Safety and Convenience suite that takes the TSS platform to an even higher level. Enhancing systems like its Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Tracing Assist, Road Sign Assist, and Proactive Driving Assist. When conditions are met, Proactive Driving Assist provides gentle braking into curves or gentle braking and or steering to help support driving tasks such as distance control between a preceding vehicle, pedestrian, or bicyclist. And naturally, Prius Prime also features Toyota's signature Star Safety System and eight airbags throughout the cabin. Whether tapping into EV-only power around town or hybrid mode on road trips, Prius Prime is the complete package. Together with its sophisticated design, intuitive technology, and cutting-edge safety, there's no doubt this sets the standard for what plug-in hybrids are capable of. Add in that every new Prius Prime includes ToyotaCare, which provides two years or 25,000 miles of scheduled maintenance, along with enhanced three-year unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance, as well as exceptional hybrid warranty coverage like the 10-year, 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty, and it's easy to see how Prius Prime is ready to take the lead. Learn more today at ToyotaCare.com. Toyota.com slash Prius Prime.