 With nearly four decades on American streets under its belt, Camry continues to lead its segment with an incredible combination of technology, quality, and reliability wrapped in an alluring coupe-inspired design. And Camry's 20 straight years as America's top-selling sedan haven't happened by chance. They've been earned through an uncompromising commitment to delivering the best driving experience possible. Let's find out more. 2023 Toyota Camry models are divided among L grades and the Sportier S grades, and both of these include all-wheel drive or hybrid configurations. In addition, a pair of special editions spice up the lineup, the Nightshade Edition and the TRD. Camry was actually among the first Toyota models to offer a Nightshade upgrade. And for 2023, it's refreshed across three variants – front-wheel drive, all-wheel drive, and hybrid models. But when it comes to genuine track-ready performance, the aggressive TRD grade amps up the excitement both mechanically and visually. Camry's coupe-inspired, evocative styling reflects its fun-to-drive character. And each of its grades offer a unique twist on this formula, with LE and XLE grades featuring a unique front fascia shape and grille design, as well as alloy wheel designs on the gas and all-wheel drive grades, while SE and XSE grades boast their own distinct lower fascia shape, honeycomb grille, and either 18-inch or 19-inch wheels. SE Nightshade delivers a sleek, custom look with its black trim, including accented door handles, new-found wheels, and a new, more modern, 19-inch TRD matte-bronze-finished wheels. And for 2023, new 19-inch TRD matte-bronze-finished wheels help add even more style across all Nightshade models. Meanwhile, Camry TRD declares its performance capabilities with 19-inch TRD matte-black wheels, and a gloss-black aero kit including a gloss-black front splitter and raised black rear spoiler. Regardless of grade, though, all Camry TRD models are capable of a more fun-to-drive, and a more comfortable ride. All Camry models offer standard LED daytime running lights and LED taillights, as well as available LED headlights with black accents that help drivers not just see, but be seen. Inside, the story is similar. Camry melds functionality and elegant styling with impeccable fit and finish, while still offering a great deal of comfort and convenience. This means plenty of space for passengers to comfortably stretch out. The seats are also available in a standard 8-way power driver seat with lumbar support and available 8-way power passenger seats. Nearly every grade also comes with dual-zone automatic climate control that lets drivers and passengers dial in their ideal temperature. And when it comes to seating, Softex trim adds a premium touch to SE grades, while leather-trimmed seating makes a statement on XLE and XSE grades. Camry TRD offers something special for interior design, too. The interior design is a little bit more modern, with a slightly more modern design than the previous model. With a track-inspired MID startup screen, red contrast stitching in seatbelts, aluminum sport pedals, and more. Camry's impressive array of technology features makes an already great value into something extraordinary. The standard 7-inch Audio Multimedia touchscreen gives drivers easy access to media controls right in line of sight. The new 7-inch audio multimedia touchscreen is a perfect fit for driving in the city. The new 9-inch touchscreen can be upgraded with a 9-speaker JBL system with a subwoofer for extra bass. And all of Camry's audio multimedia systems include standard compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to Apple Music, Maps, Messages, and other favorite apps from the iPhone. Android Auto compatibility makes it easy for Android users to stay connected to Android devices. And Amazon Alexa connectivity keeps Amazon's digital assistants just a question away. Plus! The new 7-inch audio multimedia touchscreen is a standard 3-month SiriusXM Platinum Plan trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in-cabin and even more on the SXM mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. Camry also features impressive available connected services, as well as convenience technologies like an available 10-inch head-up display, Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging, and so much more. With its wide stance and low center of gravity, Camry delivers enhanced handling and ride comfort that allows drivers both command and confidence. Plus, a sport-tuned suspension is featured on all SE and XSE grades, even the hybrid variants, because efficiency shouldn't come at the expense of driving enjoyment. Under the hood, the available 3.5-liter V6 engine with 301 horsepower puts proof to Camry's performance. The new 7-inch head-up display also features a new 10-inch head-up display, which allows the driver to enjoy a more comfortable ride than the previous model. The new 7-inch head-up display also features a new 10-inch head-up display, which allows the driver to enjoy a more comfortable ride than the previous model. The new 7-inch head-up display also features a new 10-inch head-up display, which allows the driver to enjoy a more comfortable ride than the previous model. Both V6 and 4-cylinder gas engines come paired with Toyota's Direct Shift 8-speed automatic transmission, while hybrid models come with an electronically controlled continuously variable transmission. And whether gas or hybrid, all S grades feature steering-wheel-mounted paddle shifters for added control and fun. Meanwhile, select Camry grades are offered with available Dynamic Torque Control all-wheel drive. The car can automatically direct up to 50% of engine torque to the rear wheels for extra traction when needed. Finally, the Performance TRD grade boasts a track-tuned suspension with thicker underbody bracing, active cornering assist, larger 12.9-inch front brakes with red calipers, and a unique cat-back exhaust system to make its presence known. The Camry name is as associated with safety as it is quality. The Camry name is as associated with safety as it is quality. The 2023 model is designed with both in mind, inside and out. The 2023 model is designed with both in mind, inside and out. The entire lineup comes standard with Toyota Safety Sense 2.5 Plus, Toyota's advanced suite of active safety technologies, that offers enhanced functionality with features like Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist. Camry also offers available safety features like blind spot monitor with rear cross-traffic alert, front and rear parking assist with automatic braking, and a panoramic view monitor that can help you spot obstacles and objects you might otherwise miss. Camry has long been renowned for its combination of style, performance, and undeniable value. The 2023 Camry carries this approach even further with its broad range of models, design elements, and technologies, all included with the reassurance of the Toyota name. Hybrid-grade Camrys take this peace of mind further still with the enhanced Toyota Hybrid Battery Warranty, which lasts for 10 years or 150,000 miles, whichever comes first. With an approachable starting MSRP at all grades, as well as an added ownership value from the Toyota Camry, the Camry is a great choice for a car that is looking to take a two-year ToyotaCare no-cost maintenance plan with roadside assistance. It's hard to imagine choosing any other sedan.