 RAV4 Prime Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle is proof of having it all. The practicality of an SUV meets potent performance wrapped in a sporty package backed by a robust plug-in hybrid electric powertrain. For 2024, RAV4 Prime returns as one of the quickest Toyota vehicles available. Featuring two sport-oriented grades, SC and XSE, both of which feature standard all-wheel drive and a wealth of cutting-edge features, RAV4 Prime checks every box when it comes to offering a high-tech yet exhilarating drive. Let's take a closer look at this plug-in hybrid electric SUV and see what makes it so impressive. RAV4 Prime impresses with its electrifying performance. Its plug-in hybrid EV powertrain couples a 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine to three electric motors and a high-capacity battery, resulting in an impressive 302 net combined horsepower and a manufacturer-estimated 0-60 time of 5.7 seconds. Plus, with standard electronic on-demand all-wheel drive, RAV4 Prime provides extra traction when conditions require it, as well as enhanced handling in the dry to complement its responsive powertrain. With its independent front and multi-link rear suspension, RAV4 Prime possesses the ideal balance of comfort and agility. That's not all. Thanks to its high-capacity battery, RAV4 Prime has an EPA-estimated 42 miles in EV-only mode. While the standard 6.6-kilowatt onboard charger brings it back to 100% charge in as little as two and a half hours using a Level 2 charger found in public spaces or installed at home. And just in case charging isn't possible. RAV4 Prime is a great choice for those who want to get a full-size car. RAV4 Prime simply operates as an efficient hybrid EV with an EPA-estimated 38 miles per gallon combined or 94 MPG-E. RAV4 Prime's chiseled good looks demand attention and hint at its performance. This starts with standard LED exterior lighting, which amplify RAV4 Prime's head-turning style. The XSE grade takes design to new heights thanks to eye-catching two-tone exterior colors, and 19-inch alloy wheels, both of which add a bit more sporting flair to RAV4 Prime. Furthermore, the available panoramic glass roof opens the cabin up to more natural light, while an available height-adjustable power liftgate makes accessing the cargo area a breeze. Inside the sporty theme continues, but this time it's complemented with a healthy dose of comfort and versatility. Fabric and interior design are all great. The interior is made of a fabric or soft-text-trimmed seating features red stitching that hints at RAV4 Prime's performance. Features like standard heated front seats, available ventilated front seats, an available heated steering wheel, and available heated rear outboard seats keep occupants comfortable regardless of the weather conditions. Plus, standard dual-zone automatic climate control ensures that the cabin is set to the ideal temperature. On top of all that, RAV4 Prime is also highly practical. With 33.5 cubic feet behind the wheel, the cabin can be set to the ideal temperature. The cabin also has an adjustable seat height, which is great for the comfort of your passenger. This boosts tips to be supported by incredible windperłademakers and some features like remarkable YES sensors. In addition to being hand-held, the Welsh Trailer project focuses on yawns and REM dist 없습니다 that age just coping with the latest tech. inch touchscreen on SE or a 10.5 inch touchscreen on XSE. Both versions include standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including maps, messages, podcasts, and music subscriptions. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices and access various apps and services from Google, including YouTube Music and Google Maps. Plus, there's a standard three-month Sirius XM Platinum Plan trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in-cabin, and even more on the SXM mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. Select grades also come with trials to Toyota's line of connected services, including Safety Connect, Service Connect, Remote Connect, Wi-Fi Connect, and Drive Connect. XSE elevates the multimedia experience even higher with an 11-inch touchscreen on the top of the car, and a 12-inch touchscreen on the bottom of the car. XSE also comes with a 12-inch touchscreen with USB ports and an 11-speaker JBL Premium audio system including subwoofer and amplifier, while five USB ports and an available Qi-compatible wireless charger keeps mobile devices up and running on long trips. Plus, an available 12.3-inch digital multi-information display and an available 10-inch head-up display puts key information in the driver's line of sight. When it comes to safety and convenience, RAV4 Prime comes in handy on its top-conventional line of sight. covers all of its bases. Every grade comes standard with Toyota Safety Sense 2.5+, which includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist. On top of that, Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert is also standard in both grades. And to make parking and maneuvering in tight spaces even easier, the XSE grade can be further equipped with the available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking and the available Panoramic View Monitor. Powerful, capable, and practical, RAV4 Prime is the ultimate expression of a plug-in hybrid EV SUV. This incredible vehicle comes wrapped in a stylish package and is backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for quality, durability, and reliability. That doesn't stop there, because RAV4 Prime's value is also noteworthy, since it includes ToyotaCare, which provides two years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first, of scheduled maintenance, and two years unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance. Furthermore, RAV4 Prime includes an eight-year or 100,000-mile hybrid system warranty, whichever comes first, and a 10-year or 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty, whichever comes first, making this exciting SUV a strong choice, and a great car to drive. And that's all for this video. We hope you enjoyed it. We hope you found it useful. And if you did, make sure you hit the like button, and subscribe to our channel so you don't miss out on any of our latest videos. And as always, we'll see you next time on RAV4 Prime. Bye-bye. Subtitles by the Amara.org community