 The Toyota Prius jump-started the electrification revolution and cemented Toyota's status as a pioneer in electrified mobility. For 2024, Prius continues to push the boundaries of what hybrid electric vehicles are capable of. Powered by the fifth-generation Toyota Hybrid system, it blends lively performance and engaging handling with the latest technologies from Toyota. Together with its impressive efficiency, available all-wheel-drive system, and a well-appointed three-grade lineup, Prius is here to change the game once again. Prius's performance and handling enhance its performance. It's fun to drive factor, making every drive exhilarating. This starts with the fifth-generation Toyota Hybrid system, which features a 2-liter, 4-cylinder engine coupled to two electric motors. With up to 196 net combined horsepower, Prius boasts lively acceleration and instant response when the driver presses the accelerator pedal. When combined with its agile handling courtesy of the independent front and multi-link rear suspension, taking the long way to the destination is encouraged. The front-drive LE grade can also be equipped with electronic on-demand all-wheel drive, which adds a third electric motor on the rear axle that provides additional traction when needed. In addition to low-grip situations, the system sends power to the outside rear wheels when cornering for enhanced handling. Best of all, Prius remains impressively efficient with up to an EPA-estimated 57 miles per gallon combined in the front-drive LE grade, or up to an EPA-estimated 54 miles per gallon combined on LE with all-wheel drive. Perfect for epic road trips to far-out places. The exterior styling of Prius is sleek and commands attention, especially with its hammerhead front fascia and standard LED exterior lighting. Its sweeping silhouette has a reconfigured roof peak that's been moved to the back, resulting in an elegant flowing form. That's complemented by stylish 17-inch on LE or 19-inch alloy wheels on XLE Unlimited that raise Prius's refined design up to new heights, while complementing its low and wide stance. Once inside, Prius's well-appointed cabin blends modern styling with comfort and user-friendliness. Featuring standard automatic climate control and the Smart Key system, convenience is emphasized. Plus, features like available Softex-trimmed heated and ventilated front seats, an available 8-way power-adjustable driver's seat, and available heated rear seats maximize comfort for all occupants, particularly on long trips. That's not all. Prius's hatchback body style makes it incredibly practical, with up to 23.8 cubic feet of cargo space behind the second row, lowering the 60-40 split-folding rear seats expands its capacity even more, making this electrified compact as versatile as it is attractive. Prius's clean interior layout cleverly integrates the latest technologies. This starts with the top-mount 7-inch multi-information display that keeps crucial information in the driver's sightlines, as well as a standard 8-inch or available 12.3-inch touchscreen. In either case, Toyota's latest audio multimedia platform includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including Maps, Messages, Podcasts, and Music subscriptions. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to and to use. The app is also available on Android devices and access various apps and services from Google, including YouTube Music and Google Maps. Plus, there's a standard 3-month SiriusXM Platinum Plan trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in-cabin, and even more on the SXM mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. On select grades, Prius includes trials to Toyota's connected services, including Remote Connect, Safety Connect, and Drive Connect, which includes Cloud Navigation, Destination Assist, and Intelligent Assistant functionalities. XLE and Limited can also be further upgraded with the available Digital Key. With an active Remote Connect trial or subscription, this state-of-the-art technology takes convenience to a new level by allowing drivers to use their smartphone as a key, and share it virtually with an approved list of individuals via the Toyota app. On the other hand, an available 8-speaker JBL Premium audio system enhances the audio listening experience, while 6 USB-C ports and an available slotted Qi-compatible wireless charger keep mobile devices powered on long drives. Prius brings peace of mind thanks to the standard Toyota Safety Sense 3.0. A standard system of active safety and driver-free driving, with a number of assistance features that includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Tracing Assist, Road Sign Assist, and Proactive Driving Assist. Additionally, the standard Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert provides an additional layer of assistance on the road. On the other hand, the available Panoramic View Monitor gives a 360-degree perspective around the vehicle, while the available Front View Monitor provides a 360-degree perspective around the vehicle, while the available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking alerts drivers of incoming obstacles at low speeds. Finally, the available Advanced Park System makes squeezing into tight spots a breeze. There's no denying that the 2024 Prius is a standout among hybrid electric vehicles. From its eye-catching design, spirited performance, and incredible tech features, this compact car has it all. Plus, every Prius comes with ToyotaCare, which provides 2 years or 25,000 miles of scheduled maintenance, whichever comes first, and 3-year unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance, an 8-year or 100,000-mile hybrid system warranty, whichever comes first, and a 10-year or 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty, whichever comes first, all of which further strengthen its value. With all of these factors considered, it's clear that Prius remains the definitive hybrid electric vehicle now and into the future. Learn more today at toyota.com slash Prius.