 Welcome to the interior of the 2025 IONIQ 5 Limited. Now a lot of you out there have been asking me, how roomy is it? And I just got to say, it's incredibly comfortable and spacious inside here. Plus, its open interior design and fully flat floor plan help maximize the interior space, translating to 106.5 cubic feet of passenger volume and 132.8 cubic feet of total interior volume. Now, for perspective, I'm 6'1", and I fit extremely comfortable inside this vehicle in the first or second row. I've got 39 inches of headroom here in the first row, and there's 37.5 inches of headroom in the second row with the limited trim. Now, that's going to extend even more to 30. And I'm going to extend even more to 38.7 inches in other trims because they don't have the panoramic roof. Now, for the limited and XRT trims, there's also a sliding center console that conveniently moves forwards and backwards. When all the way back, it makes it much easier to move from the passenger seat to the driver's seat, which comes in handy if you've had a vehicle that parked too close to the driver's side door, and you need to get in or out of your car. Moving it back. Also, it's a very comfortable seat. It also creates more space up front for taller drivers. It's really easy to use. Just grab that handle, pull all the way forward or all the way backwards until it clicks. Now, the center console has also been updated for 2025. The new design has moved the wireless charger up top for easier access, added in physical buttons for features like the heated and ventilated seats up front and the heated steering wheel, and has multiple storage areas available inside the armrests. The new XRT trims are also available with a new seat, and the new XRT trims are also available with a new seat. The new XRT trims are also available with a new seat, and the new XRT trims are also available with a new seat. Now, this was designed to enhance your comfort when parked by simulating weightlessness. The seat back, seat cushion, and lower leg support all automatically adjust to an optimal setting for reading or relaxing or napping. To activate, just put the vehicle in park, and then press the rear of the comfort seat switch on the XRT trim. When you see the notification on the touchscreen, press that button again and get ready to relax. Ah, that's so nice. And when you're ready to return to normal, press the front of that comfort seat switch. And finally, every IONIQ 5 comes standard with a sliding and reclining second row. You can slide the seat on the back, and you can adjust the seats forwards or backwards to adjust for leg room or cargo. You can manually recline them for extra comfort. And the 60-40 split accommodates both people and cargo. So that's the refreshed interior of the 2025 IONIQ 5. With so much comfort, versatility, and thoughtful features, you just don't find in a lot of vehicles. It really is in a class of its own. Thank you.