 Hello everyone, I'm excited to give you an in-depth look at the next generation 2025 Toyota Camry. The Camry nameplate has a long proud heritage as the number one best-selling midsize sedan in America for the last 21 years in a row. The latest generation continues to build on its winning heritage with increased performance and efficiency, a new dose of style inside and out, and new technology for both safety and convenience to keep Camry the car so many households trust year after year. Now let's discover what makes this generation the very best one yet. The new Camry will be offered in four grades, LE, XLE, and the sport-focused SE and XSE. And in every grade, performance is a focal point. Every Camry will now be 100% hybrid, bringing a combination of power and fuel efficiency, as well as agile, confidence-inspiring handling. This powertrain debuts Toyota's first-ever pairing of its 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine with the latest generation of the Toyota Hybrid system featuring a lithium-ion battery. This provides a great increase in horsepower over the prior generations of the car, and an even more powerful naturally aspirated engine. Final specs will be shared closer to launch, but we are looking forward to a manufacturer estimated 225 net combined horsepower on front wheel drive models and 232 net combined horsepower on all wheel drive models. Since every Camry is electrified, you can look forward to smooth, immediate torque generated by its electric motor. It offers an ideal combination of both performance and hybrid efficiency, while the engine is also equipped with a two-speed turbo-charged transmission. The engine is also equipped with a four-cylinder Toyota's electronic on-demand all-wheel drive is now offered on Camry, and it's available on all grades. It enhances driver confidence and peace of mind whenever additional traction is needed. For an even more engaging drive experience, all models come standard with the ability to choose between four drive modes that remap the vehicle's throttle response depending on your mood or the task at hand. All grades showcase a retuned suspension for more responsive and agile handling without sacrificing drive comfort. And the SE and XSE grades will showcase a sport-tuned suspension for even greater stability, handling, and confidence behind the wheel. The new Camry brings a sleeker look inside and out without compromising any of the versatility that it's known for. Let's take a look at the exterior design. You'll notice a more athletic look to both the front and rear. The rear is a little bit more sporty, but the rear is more comfortable. The rear is a little bit more sporty, but the rear is more comfortable. The rear is a little bit more sporty, but the rear is more comfortable. All of these are The Leather V4s are a bit archaic with dash among the rest. All grades will feature LED headlights and a fun styling. To take things a step further, the XSE has a body color matching material- Platinum silver. The sporty SE and XSE grades showcase racing inspired, functional aerodynamic air ducts and front and side canards, the rear facelift is combined with yellow color on both sides and Pony plaster Даun wheels. In addition, you'll notice a rear diffuser and a rear lip spoiler. features some exclusive design elements from head to toe. 19 inch multi spoke alloy wheels in a smoke gray colored finish comes standard and a two tone midnight black metallic roof is available. Moving on to the interior, the new Camry has been adorned with new levels of refinement and passengers in every seat will appreciate the fine details that have gone into enhancing their comfort and convenience. A dual zone automatic climate control system with rear air vents comes standard across the lineup as this flexible storage space for greater utility. There are also eight cup and bottle holders spread throughout the cabin. Ergonomic improvements for seating comfort were a focal point in this generation. For example, the front seats have updated seat backs and repositioned headrests. Heated and ventilated front seats are available as well, depending on grade. The sporty SE and XSE grades come with standard aluminum sport pedals. In addition to a leather wrapped steering wheel with paddle shifters. Unique to the XSE, you'll notice artistic perforations in the leather trim seats. On the XLE, a new quilted pattern interior trim made of dynamic microfiber brings a sophistication all its own. And both XLE and XSE offer the option of adding a panoramic glass roof with a front power tilt and slide moonroof. The new Camry showcases Toyota's latest technology for comfort, convenience and safety. And you'll feel it as soon as you hop in. The Toyota Audio Multimedia System, paired to a standard 8-inch or available 12.3-inch touchscreen display, is front and center. This system houses Toyota's available connected services, offers an available 9-speaker JBL premium audio system, and features standard compatibility with wireless Apple CarPlay and wireless Android Auto so drivers can stay connected to their devices while on the go. That central touchscreen isn't the only screen drivers will appreciate. As a 7-inch digital gauge cluster comes standard, and a 12.3-inch fully digital gauge cluster is available. And to ensure everyone's devices stay charged up, the new Camry will offer both USB-A and USB-C ports, with three up front and two in the rear. A Qi wireless charging pad also comes standard. For further convenience and safety, there will be a wide range of features, for peace of mind while behind the wheel. The Toyota Safety Sense 3.0 suite comes standard, with features like a pre-collision system with pedestrian and cyclist detection, lane departure alert with steering assist, automatic high beams, full-speed range dynamic radar cruise control, lane tracing assist, road sign assist, and proactive driving assist. Also standard across the lineup for convenience is Blank Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert. There you have it. Camry just keeps getting better. It builds on the quality, durability, reliability, and safety that have made it the nation's top choice sedan for over two decades in a row. With its focus on bringing together the optimal balance of power, efficiency, style, and technology, we can't wait for you to experience it for yourself. See you next time, Microsoft's Camry.