 So, three ILX's all lined up for us. Handsome looking trio. Yes they are. They're all shined up. We really appreciate you coming out and joining the rest of the journalists, Tyson. In fact, this is your first time at a national press event? Exactly. I didn't know what to expect, came in and I've just been amazed at the hospitality and the level of involvement that Acura takes in helping convey their love of this vehicle to the press and the media. That's what it's all about. The fact that you can interface with people from executive level, sales, marketing, R&D, product planning. I was able to meet three of the design team from the Tochigi Japan office where the ILX was designed. And I asked them to take a picture with them. They proudly stood in front of this car because it's a work of art and it's something that they have crafted from just an idea and here it is finally rolling down the road. I think a lot of people probably don't realize that almost one year out that design gets locked in. So you think about the planning that has to take place, it's like a finely tuned Swiss watch to be able to pull that process together. It makes me confident that the vehicle has been well engineered, that everything has been thought of. And Acura started its foundation with the slogan precision crafted performance. And today, many years later, Acura is still driving that level of development into even an entry level offering. One of the things that I love about what the Acura design team has done with the ILX is that they haven't forgotten the performance minded person. If you get the six speed manual transmission, you're getting all of that driver involvement that someone like me loves to have. That connectivity with the road. Anybody who knows me knows that I have a sense of adventure. It's all about finding a new destination, an uncharted road, any kind of fun place to go that I've never been to before. It's a great way to get back to the office. I've never been before. And it's not just about the car being an appliance. It's about a car being an expression of yourself.