 2014 is about the center of our Mercedes life. The all-new Mercedes C-Class. This is the C-Class at its best. Welcome to the 2014 Detroit North American International Auto Show. I'm here with the Model Year 15 C-Class Sedan. In front of us is the amazing Sport, meaning the star is in the grille, the bigger wheels, the cladding. We also offer a luxury with the traditional or classical standing star on the grille and the lamellas. In this new design, we have a car which is larger. It's larger by about 3.7 inches. The all-new 2015 C-Class adopts the all-new Mercedes-Benz design language. It's clearly a Mercedes-Benz. The new C-Class is a lighter vehicle. We've used a hybrid chassis approach where it's a car that's a little bit more compact. We've used a combination of aluminum and steel to lighten the vehicle by over 200 pounds. We'll have the C300 4Matic, which replaces the outgoing C250. It's going to have a four-cylinder turbo direct injection engine that makes 241 horsepower and 273 pound-feet of torque. We will also have a C400 4Matic. This vehicle will have a 3-liter direct injection bi-turbo V6 motor with 329 horsepower and 354 pound-feet of torque. When you get inside of the car, you will experience luxury like you've never seen before in the C-Class. We have high-quality soft-touch materials. The C-Class will be the new benchmark for interior design and feel. We have a head-up display adopted from fighter jets. Super cool technology. We have a touchpad, which is standard, which mimics a smartphone. The all-new C-Class has an amazing suite of technologies. We call them intelligent drive. These are functions and technologies which launched in the flagship S-Class. Here we'll have Distronic Plus with steering assist. We also have lane keeping. So when you're drifting out of a lane, it'll put you right back into it. And blind spot monitoring. Someone's in your blind spot, it alerts you with an audible beep and a flashing indicator. That was a quick look at our 2015 C-Class Sedan. An incredible vehicle. The car is scheduled to launch in the U.S. in the fall of 2014. Check us out on social media and mbusa.com to find out more information about the all-new C-Class Sedan.