 One of the big engineering challenges was to make a mild hybrid system that you can use with every drivetrain at Audi. My name is Urs Exe and I'm responsible for the 48V mild hybrid systems. We assist the engine every time we have enough energy in our battery. We have three main parts in the car. These are the belted starter generator, our DC-DC converter and the 48V battery that's only that size like a shoebox. With the 48V electrical system we have four times more power than with the 12V electrical system. This energy we can use it for different drive states. We try to make a very consistent system. We have a very convenient start-stop system with a belted starter generator. The system is very powerful and makes every start very smooth, comfortable and very fast. One of the reasons why we are very convenient at the starting moments with the belted starter alternator is because we are permanently linked with the belt between the belted starter generator and the engine. And we crank it on without the mechanical voices of the pinion starter. With the assist phases we use the energy to support the IC engine. With the mild hybrid system we can shut down the engine at every speed. At a speed range between 55 kmh and 160 kmh we will shut down the engine every time the customer takes off his food from the accelerator. The next step is we make high performance recuperation with up to 60 kmh. We use the kinetic energy of the car to make electricity and use it for the next assist functions or for the start-stop phases. They begin with 22 kmh. One of the benefits of the 48V electrical system is that we use it for new technologies. We have a top-down strategy with the mild hybrid system. The Audi i8 is the first one that gets the 48V mild system in our car. And we will roll out this technology in every new Audi in the future. I take you there as your carried away brake, as bigger and faster and easierம Not only there are our air conditioners here with plenty of fairly and great optimal gas capacity. And we make all this power consumption easier monetarily.