 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther for electric to go Audi. I assure you, with the Audi e-tron, you won't miss a thing. Because we are putting our customers first, concerning safety and comfort. This is at the core of our strategy. And this is why we strive to create the digital experience of tomorrow. Our cars will become an integral component of our customers' digital lives. This will make mobility safe, convenient and individual. At Audi, we strive to be the trendsetters for autonomous mobility. The Audi Icon demonstrated our vision. Fully electric, fully autonomous and fully connected. With cars like that, we want to redefine individual mobility. And at Audi, we strive to take electric mobility to the next level. We plan to offer more than 20 new models until 2025. Some will be plug-in hybrids, and half of them will be fully electric. Following the Audi e-tron, we will launch the Audi e-tron Sportsback next year. An electric-powered compact model in 2020. As well as a four-door Gran Turismo, which will be a spectacular car in the same year. The Audi e-tron GT will be the sporty spearhead of our electric cars. We believe in the midst of the next decade, 30% of our old cars will be electrified. So the Audi e-tron is just the beginning of a lot of new cars. It's the beginning and the first of its kind. And now, ladies and gentlemen, it's time. It's time and the moment we've all been waiting for. It's time to meet the car that strives to lead the way in premium electrification. And that will drive Audi into its new future. It's time to show the world exactly what we mean when we say electric as Gran Audi. Audi e-tron body-ב Kuritte Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Ekstra verden av rulers Devisat forा ETRON Publis training about triεις E اEEEE distributed beer over the sea level here at Craneway to South Lake Tahoe, across 175 miles on just one full charge. Arriving with 12 miles of estimated battery life left, a very respectable feat given that 7,000-foot climb. Over a leisurely lunch, we let the e-tron fully recharge, and then with the AC crank, the radio blasting, two technical wizards at the helm, the e-tron made the 175-mile journey back to this very spot, but this time, it arrived with an estimated 94 miles of range remaining. Now, the difference between those two trips can be explained by the most efficient battery recuperation system to date that clearly optimized performance on the descent from the Sierras back to sea level. In fact, our engineers estimate this system can be responsible for as much as 30 percent of the e-tron's range, depending on the terrain and braking. As you know, actual range will vary based on weather, road conditions, vehicle conditions, or even driving style. And a lot goes into determining EPA range and MPG estimates, which I, of course, will leave to the experts. But we are quite pleased with the results of our unofficial Tahoe test, and you can rest assured we'll share the official EPA numbers as soon as they are available. Now, optimized recuperation is the type of smart thinking that ensured our engineers could deliver a true and proper SUV. With room comfortably to seat five and available max towing capacity to pull up to 4,000 pounds. Now, it's also important to note our testing took us from 50 degrees in the bay to over 90 in El Dorado National Forest. Yet e-tron kept its cool. EVs have historically struggled to maintain a proper operating temperature during repeated acceleration or at sustained speeds. So what did Audi engineers do? They inserted a cooling lance through the center of our electric motor to maintain a very reliable temperature. In addition, the cooling system for the 36 cell modules of the battery is located outside and beneath the cell chamber, so that in a collision, fluid drains safely below the cells. Of course, Audi owners don't want to compromise performance for safety. They expect it all from the four rings. For almost half a century, these expectations have been exceeded with one very simple word. Quattro. And e-tron will continue that powerful tradition with our first electric all-wheel drive system. An electric motor located on each axle distributes power in fractions of a second to create nearly instant torque for control in almost any condition. This unique Quattro system actually performs with the same driving dynamics of some of the sportiest Audi models on the road today. In boost mode, that means acceleration from zero to 60 miles per hour in 5.5 seconds. In almost complete silence, by the way. Now, it may sound different, it may feel different, but rest assured, your 100 percent electric driving experience will be 100 percent Audi. Now, before electric can truly go Audi, electric had to go everywhere, every day. And that's precisely what electric has done, thanks to a few of our critical partners. The arrival of the e-tron is timed perfectly, with a 10-year, $2 billion, $1 billion investment being made in this country's charging infrastructure by Electrify America. By July of 2019, Electrify America will have nearly 500 fast charging sites complete or under development throughout 40 states and 17 top metro markets. Here in California, that includes 160 ultra-fast charging sites, with 40 in the Bay Area alone. Over 2,000 chargers will be located no more than 120 miles per hour. And the power of the electric charging system will be up to 120 miles apart on highways across this vast country, providing up to 150 kilowatts to charge the e-tron's 95-kilowatt-hour battery as much as 80 percent in roughly 30 minutes. And so tonight, I'm excited to announce a nationwide Audi charging plan powered by Electrify America. All U.S. Audi e-tron owners will receive 1,000 kilowatt hours of charging at Electrify America sites and a total of 1,000 electric chargers. And since the map that only illustrated the first round of Electrify's investment, their range confidence will only continue to increase on the open road in the years ahead. Now, what about charging your e-tron at home? Well, frankly, we've made that as easy as shopping on Amazon. Literally. I am equally excited to announce for the U.S. Audi home charging powered by Amazon Home Services. Their first collaboration with an automaker to deliver turnkey charging. This premium approach to home charging includes transparent upfront pricing, installation by vetted and qualified electricians, backed, of course, by Amazon's happiness guarantee. Of course, the experience wouldn't be complete until we've heard from Alexa. Starting with the Audi e-tron and available globally, Alexa will be along for the ride to help simplify your life through your Audi Data Connect plan, linking your life outside e-tron to the home charging system. Alexa, are you ready? Alexa, are you ready? Alexa, are you ready? Alexa, are you ready? Scott, I'm ready when you are. Scott, I'm ready when you are. Very cool. So there you have it. Electric is going everywhere, every day with the Audi e-tron. Now, there are two other questions I'm sure many of you would want to ask Alexa, and that is simply, how much and when can I get one? The e-tron will begin arriving at American dealerships in the second quarter of 2019, taking its place in our stunning portfolio. Alexa, are you ready? Ready, ready. Okay, let's get started. And ladies and gentlemen, we're ready to begin our stunning portfolio at the right size and the right price to strike at the heart of the premium SUV market in the fastest-growing segment. Ladies and gentlemen, in the United States, our first fully electric vehicle will start at an MSRP of $74,800 before any federal tax credits. And as you can see here, extremely well equipped. Some of you may have noticed From the Daytona Grey finish to those orange brake calibers, well meet the Edition 1, a special design for the first 999 e-trons built for America. Extremely, extremely cool car. So, when can you get one? Well, over the last 48 hours, we gave loyal Audi owners and hand raisers an early opportunity to reserve an e-tron. I'm happy to say some of the first reservations belong to the absolute best of the tech and business communities. In fact, many of them are here in the crowd tonight. Now, though, it's your turn. I am thrilled to announce the reservation system for the e-tron is now officially open at AudiUSA.com and Audi dealerships across the country. Speaking of, we are, of course, just up the road from Silicon Valley. And we often hear, it's only places like this that innovate. Or that you have to be leaned and nimble to truly start a revolution. Well, we agree. Sort of. For 50 years, our now 302 dealer partners have been the heart and soul of Audi in America. Local businesses leaned and nimble enough to innovate as new products and technologies arrived. There, when customers needed them to ease the transition into whatever brave new world we at Audi were entering. And I thank each and every one of them and their employees. Including more than 3,500 trained Cervic technicians who will remain our competitive advantage as we enter a future where electric has full stop gone Audi. Together, together we are absolutely ready. Because every e-tron rolling off the line at our stunning plant in Brussels is proof that that future is now. And when Audi has delivered on its promise of premium electric leadership, it will be proof. That tonight, in fact, was only the very beginning. Thank you very, very much. Thank you. Thank you, Scott, for your vision and your great presentation. And for sharing. And for providing an exciting vision for premium electrification. Ladies and gentlemen, now is clearly the time for electric to go Audi. Here in the U.S. and around the world. The investment Electrify America is making mirrors what is happening in other major markets. In China, our customers will benefit from a strong charging network. And in Europe, we will offer our customers the e-tron charging service. Under one contract, they will get access to more than 40 electric vehicles. Under one contract, they will get access to more than 40 electric vehicles. to more than 72,000 public charging points, including the high-power charging network of Ionity. Rains anxiety will become a thing of the past, and the open road, you'll know exactly where a charge is ready and waiting. But in most cases of everyday life, you will not wait for a car to charge at all, because you will regain power at locations where you never filled up your gas tank, and that's at home and at work. So on most of your trips, you will start with a full battery. Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, it all has begun with our first electric vehicle, the world's first true electric SUV, injected by our Audi DNA. And from my point of view, I'm objective, of course, the Audi e-tron is the best fully electric car you can buy, because this car has the highest charging speed in the competition. It delivers on our promise, Vorsprung durch Technik, with innovations like the virtual exterior mirrors. It has electric quattro, extraordinary design, remarkable quality, unique precision, and sovereign sportiness. It is 100% Audi. Thank you for being with us and celebrating this historic moment. Enjoy your evening. Thank you very much. applause music music music music music music music What if you could turn on all the light music music With a soul flick of your fingers, music music music music And shut off all the noise. Just listen for a moment. Can you hear it? Can you feel it? Can you feel the freedom? Can you feel the freedom? Can you feel the freedom? We take mobility beyond imagination. This is our time.