 The A3 e-tron isn't like other hybrids on the road. It's the sportiness and luxury you expect from Audi with the benefits of a plug-in electric hybrid. And the 2017 A3 e-tron has numerous changes from the previous model that further accentuate that difference. The single-frame grille is wider and features sharper contours. The available LED headlights are flatter with distinctive outer contours, while the redesigned taillights feature available dynamic turn signals. Numerous 17-, 18-, and 19-inch wheel options offer more levels of customization. The A3 e-tron can run on electric-only power for an EPA-estimated 16 miles. Suitable for urban commutes. But sport mode is where the A3 e-tron shines, combining the electric motor with a 1.4-liter engine for a total 204 horsepower, giving a noticeable boost in sporty performance. The MMI has been completely redesigned and now has a more simplified and elegant layout. The A3 now allows for direct smartphone connection with standard Android Auto and Apple CarPlay integration. Simply plug in and the MMI becomes an extension of your compatible phone's connected capabilities. The available Bang & Olufsen sound system has 14 speakers and 705 watts of power, setting a new standard for sound. The available virtual cockpit with its 12.3-inch display renders a beautiful instrument cluster that moves at 60 frames per second thanks to the NVIDIA quad-core processor. Classic mode offers a crisp and clear view of the traditional speedometer and tachometer, while infotainment features the classic gauges in favor of navigation, e-tron-specific information, and other visuals. With available driver assistance systems, the new A3 e-tron raises the bar of drive technology in the premium compact segment yet again. Available active lane assist helps keep the car in lane with gentle steering guidance. Standard PreSense front can provide forward collision warning and automatic emergency partial braking when a front-moving or stationary hazard is detected. Available rear cross-traffic assist helps the driver when reversing out of a perpendicular parking space. The available adaptive cruise control with stop-and-go feature helps maintain a preset distance to the vehicle in front and can help stop or accelerate the A3 according to traffic conditions. Audi Connect for compatible smartphones allows for remote vehicle status, including battery level, charge times, and climate controls, as well as integrated 4G LTE wireless connectivity. The new standard for luxury has been set in this class, the 2017 Audi A3 e-tron.