 The e-tron is a new way of mobility for Audi. We're entering here completely new territory. We are offering the customers for the whole wide world to get a car where you can drive locally without any emissions. The challenge for us was to transform all the know-how from the past 40 years of the mechanical Quattro experience into a new level of Quattro, which means developing the first e-Quattro system. My name is Moritz Reif. I'm the project coordinator for drive functions in the e-tron Quattro. The first step was to reach the highest possible efficiency and for that there were a lot of simulations. The second part was to get the stability, the agility of conventional Quattro systems. When you compare a conventional car with the e-Quattro system, for example the acceleration from standstill, a conventional car with combustion engines first has to rev up to get the maximum torque. The e-Quattro behaves completely different. When you put your foot on the accelerator pedal down, you get instant thrust of the electric machines and it's an enormous power. It's a very powerful feeling. In the car there is a mechanical engine control, but inside of that it's just software. That's also the complexity of the new cars, is the networking of all the software components together. In the e-tron Quattro we have two independent driven axles. On each axle there is one electric motor, one is in the front and one in the back, and we have to control the interplay of them. In comparison to mechanical Quattro systems, mechanical systems are slower in the reaction times. The e-tron Quattro adjusts much better on changing surfaces on the test tracks. For example, when you drive on snow or ice road, every millisecond he's scanning the road and looking for the best distribution from the torque between the axles. I'm hoping that in about 20 years the people will say, do you remember the first e-tron Quattro from Audi launches? And we can say, I was part of that project. Thanks for watching! Follow the best parts of fluffy relaxers in medращ參 β