 I've been dreaming for working at Audi my whole life. When I was a kid, why was I dreaming working for Audi? That was in 1984, when Audi founded itself through its success in the World Rally Championship, where you have Walter Röhl and Michel Mouton winning with the Urquhartro, with the first Quattro. And this was the first moment of truth for Audi, the game-changing truth. And then from the 90s onward, where Audi had again game-changers. The Audi A3, which was the first premium compact car. It was the Audi A8 with aluminum space from technology. It was the A7 where we founded the Sport Package. And now it's time for the next game-changer. It is the start of a new era, and it's an e-tron full stop. The first moment of truth for the Audi e-tron was on 11 December 2013. The very one thing that we decided was we knew we wanted to go into a large premium SUV. So the first thing we did was we decided to go into a large premium SUV. This was from the very first beginning, a clear target. What I'm most proud of is that the Audi e-tron is 100.0% an Audi. You will see, smell, feel Audi in its design, in its quality, in its workmanship, in its technology. In 10 years from now, we will talk about e-tron the same we talk about Quattro. It will be in the heart, in the essence, in the DNA of Audi. It will be the first car in the history of Audi. It will be the first car in the history of Audi. I think at Audi we are obsessed with making things perfect. We go actually beyond what would be expected. If someone says it doesn't work, it's not possible. We still try. For Audi, the e-tron is definitely a milestone. It's the beginning of something new at Audi. The biggest thing in Audi's history in the last 40 years. We are convinced that electric driving is the future. We had to incorporate every single bit of knowledge and expertise over many, many decades. The sky is full of surprises. Like the all-new brake system, air suspension, the first all-electric Quattro drivetrain. It's a really big step forward that leads the way to the future here. It's these moments where you think it's something completely fresh, completely new. And it was absolutely exciting to be part of that. So the market is coming. It's just the right time to bring the e-tron. It is a no-compromise battery electric vehicle. We have towing capacity, roof rails, a large storage capacity, just like you expect from an SUV. You can even imagine that an SUV can drive like this. That's an enormous feeling. It's a really special moment. After many, many years of the World War, you can see the result. It's a really special moment. In the end, we managed to make something that was impossible somehow possible. At the end of the day, it's 100% an Audi. And if you love Audi, you will really love that car. It's a real pleasure. If you love Audi, you will really love that car.