 There are those who are content within the boundaries they've created in their lives. Then there are those always asking themselves, what else is out there waiting to be discovered? At Audi, we built our entire legacy on offering vehicles that could answer that question. But how could we begin to do it more sustainably? In 2018, we launched the Audi e-tron, the luxury electric SUV. The decision to name it just e-tron was to demonstrate how important EV was to our future. Like when we released our first all-wheel drive vehicle in the 80s, the Quattro. Just as Quattro went on to become the name for every all-wheel drive Audi, the same now goes for e-tron on every Audi electric vehicle. When it then came time to refine our most important vehicle in 40 years, there was a lot to live up to. Introducing the original e-tron redefined. The 2024 Audi Q8 e-tron. The no-compromise electric SUV and Sportback that's ready for anywhere and any lifestyle. While the benefits of EV ownership can be found all around, sometimes it's the simple things that make the biggest daily impact, like preconditioning. The Q8 e-tron's climate control can be set and started remotely, right from the MyAudi app. The Q8 e-tron's climate control can be set and started remotely, right from the MyAudi app. Or preset to turn on automatically any day and time of the week, even in your garage. That's a small feature that makes a big difference every day, especially with the Q8 e-tron's available heated and air-ventilated seats. That only begins to tell the story of why EV ownership is simply better. And the reasons extend everywhere. The Q8 e-tron's climate control system is the best way to keep your car from getting damaged. The ability to get a full tank or charge right at home, is a feature where we'll one day think, Wait, we used to regularly drive somewhere else for this? Weird. And there are many home charging options to fit your needs. There's the included 9.6 kilowatt mobile plug-in charger, an available home installation charger, or even an available 19.2 kilowatt charging capability that includes charge ports on both sides. No matter which option you choose, we're working with Q8 e-tron. And that's just a matter of time. We're working with Q8 e-tron. And that's just a matter of time. We're working with Q8 e-tron. A service that helps make the entire installation as easy as possible when buying a Q8 e-tron. An EV needs no traditional drivetrain, which usually translates to more legroom and storage capacity compared to a similarly sized gas vehicle. The Q8 e-tron offers up to 56.4 cubic feet of storage with the seats folded down, as well as additional front trunk storage. When you need even more, the Q8 e-tron can tow up to 4,000 pounds, making it ready for any adventure. Nineうん95 screenshot. And I love thisQ8 痴 answer, I swear. The 2024 Q8 e-tron improves upon the previous model in numerous ways, but the most important change is range. The Q8 e-tron models have gained more than 26% more range, with an EPA estimated 300 mile range on people. the Q8 Sportback e-tron with Ultra package. The battery has grown to around 114 kilowatt hours in capacity without occupying any more space. The new prismatic cell chemistry improves energy density in the same packaging by 20% and contains less cobalt when compared to the previous generation pouch cell configuration. An EV battery is more efficient at warmer temperatures whereas range losses in winter weather are typically seen. But the Q8 e-tron has a highly efficient thermal management system with four cooling circuits and an efficient heat pump to minimize these effects. The Q8 e-tron continues to build upon the legacy of quattro all-wheel drive with its dual asynchronous motor layout. The rear motor optimizes performance and efficiency thanks to a stronger magnetic field provided by the increased quality of the Q8 e-tron. The Q8 e-tron is a very powerful and efficient electric motor with a coil count of 14 up from 12 in the prior generation. Both motors benefit from the continued use of the internal Lance cooling system which allows for repeatable performance and range. Energy recuperation is an EV feature we now know well but Audi takes a different approach to one pedal driving. Drive it like a normal car, no adjustments needed. And having a starter engine has<|haw|> been possible as far as the phone starts. AP dwight roger and full love for this powerful four wheeler. It acknowledges it's33 initial concept and incorporates the engine powerimbustion the gearchange couldほど primary mode in the Microdata and it utilizes intelligence through math data and front-facing cameras to maximise the amount of coasting possible before engaging recuperation when the brake pedal is pressed or late than Torc ногi and submit this is more efficient than always engaging maximum recuperation. and the Q8 e-tron has made improvements from the previous model here as well. We've reduced the drag coefficient by 0.02 due to a new controllable air inlet behind the grille and new spoilers that direct air around the tires. The Q8 e-tron offers updates on already unparalleled ride quality through a more direct steering ratio, stiffer front axle lateral control arm bushings, and revised stability control. The quietness inside the cabin of the Q8 e-tron is something you just have to experience to truly appreciate. While the Q8 e-tron has the rugged versatility for just about any adventure, you shouldn't have to compromise on a sleek design to get there. The Q8 e-tron has many updates to its styling as well. The iconic light signature returns with matrix design LED headlights but adds a striking change with an outlier design that makes it a perfect fit for a car. The Q8 e-tron is a new model, and it's a new model. The Q8 e-tron is the first model to feature a new grille design. The new grille design is a single frame projection light, which illuminates an all-new grille design. The new flat-style Audi rings adorn the back and front of the vehicle, and the Q8 insignia is the first in Audi's new badging design. The SUV maximizes storage, while the Sportback adds a sportier look with its distinct sloped rear. A new rear bumper and wheel options, and the new Q8 e-tron rounds out the exterior updates. An Audi interior is always a premium one, and the Q8 e-tron is one of our most unique. The interior retains the same distinct design as its predecessor, an orchestration of shape, material, light, and sound. From the customizable ambient lighting, to the horizontal lines cutting out every angle, to the floating gear selector, the Q8 e-tron can be used as a standard interior. The Q8 e-tron continues to stand apart from other EVs in its class. The Q8 e-tron truly is the electric SUV that can take you just about anywhere. But how do we ensure that you can actually get there? Public high-speed charging has finally matured to the point where major corridors in the U.S. are now open. And the infrastructure continues to grow. To take advantage of that, Audi has partnered with Electrify America to offer public charging for the first two years of new Q8 e-tron ownership at no additional cost. With its 170 kilowatt maximum charging speed, the Q8 e-tron can recharge from 10 to 80 percent in just about 30 minutes at a DC fast charging station. And with the plug and charge feature through the Q8 e-tron, the Q8 e-tron can be recharged from 10 to 80 percent in just about 30 minutes at a DC fast charging station. And with the plug and charge feature through the My Audi app at certain locations, you can simply plug in, charge, and that's it. The Q8 e-tron is the no-compromise electric SUV that's ready for anything. We've thought of everything and now made it even better than before. You can get there faster, go further, and with the SUV or Sportback, do it in the one that fits your lifestyle. All of this wrapped in Audi's signature drive and build quality. Our most important vehicle in 40 years refined, the Audi Q8 e-tron SUV and Sportback. That naturally aspirated's sleek, high performance veinderland veil,