 Welcome everyone, I'm James and I've been given the task or I really should say privilege of showing you the brand new BMW i7 and I would love for you to join me on a journey to discover some of the highlight digital features of the car. Now one thing I love about new BMWs is the classic key fob is becoming more and more obsolete. Now BMW were the first manufacturer to offer the digital key for your smartphone and with digital key plus and ultra wide band technology there's some really cool new features that are going to be made available in the My BMW app. The functions are enabled via direct communication between your phone and the car. Now for example in the 7 series I can operate the automatic doors in the app, remote parking is available and if you've got an x7 you can even control the level of the car. Impressive right? Well enough about the phone let's focus our attention on the main attraction the new BMW i7. Okay all settled in the new i7 which is very comfortable but you see this widget here on the screen this is a digital adaption of the award-winning clock 2 and the time is displayed in this very cool word matrix which I've never seen before and BMW are rolling this feature out for free to all its vehicles with the BMW operating system 8. Now in electric vehicles a good route planner is essential to give you that peace of mind when planning your journey. Now in the i7 and in all other all-electric BMWs with the BMW operating system 8, there's a powerful and intelligent e-route function. Hey BMW drive me to Frankfurt. Okay our next destination is Frankfurt. Now the route is calculated really quickly and directly displayed as a charging route, it even offers you alternative routes for example if you want a more scenic route to your destination of choice and it'll give you all the relevant charging information to accompany it such as your state of charge when you reach each destination and also your target state of charge when you're leaving a charging point and so on and you can even adjust your target state of charge for each destination you reach or charging point along the way. That's the charging, let's get on our way. There are great benefits of active cruise control whether you're driving on the freeway or even if you're driving in the city. Now currently exclusive to Germany, active cruise control takes into consideration traffic signals and regulates its speed accordingly. So if a red light is detected in the system it will show you as the driver in the instrument cluster and it will bring the vehicle to a standstill whether at the first row of vehicles at the light or behind another vehicle that is stopping. It's a really clever system and makes driving in the city so much more comfortable. What I like about navigating in the i7 is when you're in augmented view you have this beautiful overlay of arrows that show you where you need to turn next. Let's check out some more driving assistance systems on the highway. A new feature for the 7 Series is the augmented view and you can see it right in front of you in your instrument cluster. And it shows you a reality situation of what's surrounding the car and the environment, and it mixes in with the navigation system right now as well. It just adds to that extra safe element while you're driving and trust that the car can see everything that's going on around it. Now I'm midway through my journey but I want to change my destination and I feel so safe to be able to look at the map, look at the screen with the driving assistance system that's in place right now. It's keeping my distance, from the car in front. If someone comes in front like they've just done so right now, the car slowly brakes and keeps that safe distance as well. The lane assist keeps the car in the middle of the road so I've got the confidence to go into my navigation system to check a recent destination that I know is already inputted into the system. I can click it, it's comfortably setting me up and then I can look onto the road as well but I know the car's in a really safe situation at present. By the way, for you guys in the US, I've got something special for you. The Highway Assistant function is available for you. Now we first introduced this back in 2018 and it could be implemented up to 40 miles per hour but now in 2022 it can run at up to 85 miles per hour and allows you to drive completely hands-free while on the highway as long as your attention remains on the road. Now this is an advanced level function with the highest automation experience and it means you can drive on the highway in maximum comfort and safety. Right guys, it's time to get back to the German Highway. So the e-route function has alerted me that it's time that I stop at the charging stop. Peace of mind, I've got plenty of charge still left to get me there and I feel relaxed driving along. And the sun's shining, can't be any better. While you're waiting for your car to be charged you can scroll through YouTube and there's more video on demand services that are coming very very soon. Another thing you can do while you're waiting is browse the connected drive store for upgrade features. Now of course, each customer will only see upgrade features that they have not previously bought and there's flexible buying options available as well so it's tailored specifically to each vehicle. Or if you don't want to wait inside the car you don't have to, you can enjoy the weather outside like I'm doing or maybe go and grab yourself a coffee while you wait for a push notification to come through to your My BMW app informing you that this target state of charge is reached and you're ready to continue your journey. We're now fully charged and I think it's time we have some fun. There's a selection of modes to choose from while driving your i7 but I definitely recommend using sport mode. It brings up this incredible G-meter animation on your head-up display that actually looks amazing. You can also change the speed of the car to get a better view of the road. Actually looks a little bit like a spaceship. Now if you want to travel in the most energy efficient way simply select efficient mode in the my mode section and on the head-up display you get this fantastic efficiency trainer animation pop up and away you go. BMW engineers created this claim from the of how windy and bendy the roads might be. The Emergency Lane Assistant today can only be used in selected European countries, but it's a great feature. The vehicle detects when you're in a traffic jam on the highway and there's an accident ahead and it automatically makes way for emergency vehicles. When you're looking for a parking spot in a public place, you'll also see information about parking restrictions and fares in the augmented view, which for someone like me, who likes to pick up parking tickets, that's pretty useful. I've reached Frankfurt and that sadly brings our journey together to an end, but before I go, there's one last thing to show you in the parking garage. When you've got your own fixed spot in your own parking garage, the Maneuver Assistant comes in very handy. The function can save up to 10 manoeuvres at different locations. When you reach your respective starting point, the Maneuvering Assistant takes control of the whole entire driving task. So you don't use your hands, you don't use your feet, and the car is doing all the work, but it's doing it out of memory, out of remembering what your previous parking spot was. So, here's the Maneuvering Assistant. And here it is, it's rolling back, reversing back into my space. Now, it took me a couple of manoeuvres to get into my space. Now, if the car can do that in one manoeuvre, it will do so. If not, it will then try again, push back in, and it reversed back into my space. Now, my space in my parking garage is quite narrow. There's a lot of obstacles, cars in the way, so this Maneuvering Assistant just is the perfect recipe. And hey, Presto, you're in your parking spot. The new BMW i7. Impressive, right?