 Welcome back to a new episode of BMW Today. My name is Joy and today's episode is all about the new 4 Series. With me here in Munich is Christopher Weil. Hi, Christopher. How are you doing? I'm doing very fine. So, tell me, what is your job in the company? My job is head of exterior design at BMW. That does mean I'm caring for car bodies, for all you see here, but also for the details, for the wheels, for the headlamps, tail lamps and for the kidney, of course. Well, about the kidney we'll talk later on, but first tell me, what does the 4 Series stand for? The 4 Series is a stunning car for us. It's kind of a brand shaper for the brand. It's sitting in the center, in the heart of BMW. It's BMW at its best. And we wanted to divide the 3 Series and the 4 Series. So, the 4 Series is its own character and we want to show this with this car here. I like that very much and I also love the kidney, but a lot of people are asking, why did the shape of the kidney change so extremely? Yeah, we at BMW, we have a grand heritage, let's say, more than 100 years of design and there's a lot of cars with upright kidneys. And we took this theme and did a new interpretation. And we did it by purpose. And I think this is the right kidney for this kind of car. I love the kidney. I love the expressiveness of that kidney. But people from the community are asking always, where do we put the number plate? The number plate, this was a tricky one. So, we looked at different positions, of course. We said, okay, maybe it's asymmetrical, but it's always a bit kind of cheesy looking. And then we had to look where to integrate it within the kidney. And of course, in this area here, you have the bumper face bar. There's anyhow the bumper itself for protection. And so, this was the best and the correct position for the number plate. It's looking really good on the street. This car is looking stunning. I already saw that in the BMW world and love it also. What about the new laser light headlights? The laser light headlights are showing, of course, a lot of technology. You'll see the laser with this blue accents here. And also there's some newness into it. So, they are very slim. You don't see the classical eyebrow anymore. So, we focused on the double round headlamps. And also the headlamps are pointing towards the kidneys as the lines do. So, this is the center of the car. But here, visual technology. All together, it looks very dynamic. Let's talk about the back of the car over there. Yeah, the rear of the car, it also changed a lot. It's a lot different to the 3 Series. So, we are showing width here. We have a really extreme stance on the car. And of course, you see here black details. We have diffuser elements here. This is the sport pack you see here. But also details like the tail lamps are very focused, very high-tech looking. And they're three-dimensional. We have a shape here. It's the L-shape, but very dynamic. Also different compared to the 3 Series. I love that 3D structure on the car. Yeah, that's great. It's very cool looking, very modern looking. And gives the car a lot of presence. Earlier, we were talking about the C-pillar. You changed the Hofmeister kink. Yeah, we changed the Hofmeister kink for this car. So, the coupes should look different. It's all about dynamics, of course. And we tilted up the Hofmeister. We pushed it forward. So, the Hofmeister, you know, the classical one. Straight a little bit. Tilted in the other direction. But here, like the speed of the car, the speed of the C-pillar is pushing directly on the wheel. And this is looking more sporty, more dynamic. As I can see, you changed also here the gap between the C-pillar and this part. It's called the delta, right? Yeah, this distance here, we pushed a lot for it. Because if you take a metal sheet and bend it this extreme, it's not easy. It's a tricky one. And this was very important for us designers. And therefore, we pushed hard to get this here. Okay, then let's talk about the side of the car. And as I view, the proportions are most important, for sure. So, we have classical BMW proportions. Long hood. We have the short overhangs. Very fluent kind of silhouette of the car. And a nice transition into the rear. And besides that, you see, of course, at the body side, the wheels. Super nice wheel design. Also here, very new. It's coming in a frozen paint. It's looking very nice. It's very structured. I love the cerium gray caps on the mirrors. Yeah. Cerium gray is coming with the MP. That's a special paint for the special pack. But besides that, we have a lot of muscle here. It's kind of a soft transition. We have a crease line, which is sitting a little bit lower. Yeah, it's lower. It's lower. I like the side view here from the front. Let's talk about the interior design. Yeah, the interior, of course, basically is coming from the 3 Series. But here, it's a driver's car. So, everything is slant towards the driver. And of course, color material combination here. And the finish is very nicely executed. I love the dashboard here. That's new. I've never seen that before. That is trim. This is kind of an alloy mesh. And it's very reflective. It's kind of sparkling in the sunlight. And it's also sporty looking. I like it a lot. And also, the seats are new, right? Yeah. The seats here. Exactly. That's the M Sport seats. And they have kind of a classical pipe design. Also very modern. They're not really integrated. So, there's kind of a nice stitching on it. The fit and finish is kind of on a really high level. What about the M3 and the M4? Are they going to appear like this? Or are they going to look very different again? Okay, I can't say too much. Just tell us a little bit. The guys want to know. They're even more expressive. They look stunning. Really stunning. It's unbelievable. They are so strong. And I think they're kind of bringing M to the next level. That's really... These cars are unbelievable. So, let's go back to designing. When you started designing this car, did you have any car in mind from the heritage? Yeah, definitely. So, if you think of a BMW coupe, we think of the coolest coupe ever. It's the 3.0 CS. And guess what? Here it is. Yeah. There it is. And that's a very nice car. It's showing our heritage. Starting with the proportions, we have a super long hood here. You find the hood here as well. Modern interpretation. Crease lines here, which are exaggerating the power in the middle. Power dome-like. You find them here as well. So, coming to the other details. Proportions I talked about. Short overhangs. Also here. Even the blue. So, that's the Fjord Blue. Okay. And this color? And this here is the Arctic Grace Blue. And it's very... It has a lot of depth. It was developed for this car. Oh, okay. Especially for this car. And you see it's modeling very nicely. So, you see a lot of sculpture here in every part. And it's a very sporty color. It has a grayish... It's a grayish blue, which is... I love that color. I would say, wow. Yeah. It's a wow color. I would say. It's a very sporty color. It's a grayish blue. I love that color. I would say, wow. Yeah. It's a wow color. I would say. I would say it as well. And also the kidney over here is different. Yeah, kidney. If you compare this kidney to this kidney, you'll find where it's coming from. Yeah. So, this kidney is kind of higher than its whites. Yeah. You see it here. It's a new interpretation for the new millennium. Of course, it should be very modern, but the reminiscence is there. And also the double round headlamps, which are kind of integrated in this black piece. You can also find it here somehow. And also the kidney is tilted. The kidney is tilted. Like that one over there. Exactly. The chart now is feeling. We have here as well. It's kind of the same color. Very cool. But a few years in between. If I ask you now, tell me two design elements you love about the new 4 Series. What would that be? For me, it's definitely the kidney. So if you see the kidney on the road. Okay. And if you see the car driving around, it's looking stunning. It's really, it's kind of a heck turner. The car is super sexy. It's kind of muscle. No, really. It's kind of muscle. It's sporty. It's BMW as it should be somehow. I love that because it's elegant and expressive. That's very hard to combine. It's super expressive. And if you see it in person, it's way different to the picture. That's very true. Yeah. The second thing you love. The second thing is if you look here, it's exactly this fender here. Because this is also new for BMW, I would say this muscle here that it's kind of soft, but still powerful. Yeah. I think this is also a highlight of this car. And yours? Your two favorite details? That's difficult. I would say I love the real lights, the new interpreted L-shape. I love that really very much. And I love the fact that the 4 Series is so much different to the 3 Series. So that is own character. That's what I like really very much. Okay, Christopher. So we talked about everything actually about the car. We talked about the front, the back, the side. The interior, the design development and also about heritage. Anything else you want to add? It's pretty complete, but I think one thing is missing. We have to see the car on the road, of course, and we have to drive it to experience the whole package. Well, thank you for your time. Hope to see you soon again. And you guys out there, thanks for watching and hope to see you soon again on a new BMW Today episode. And as always, remember to car pizza. We love the car. We love what it does. Bye bye. I'll see you in 2, now. esimerk期