 Welcome back to a new episode of BMW Today. My name is Joy and today's topic is the 4 Series convertible. With me are two experts, Andy and Sungmo. Hi Sungmo, how are you doing? I'm doing good. So tell me what is your exact job in the company? I'm a senior exterior designer at BMW. I worked for the Ford Coupe and the convertible as the lead exterior designer. Very cool and Andy, what were you doing in the car? I was opening the roof. Okay, makes sense. Tell me what is your job in the company? I'm the product manager of the new 4 Series coupe and convertible. So you two guys were responsible for that they cut off the roof. Yeah. Yes, sort of. Really? Yeah. Before we talk about the design, tell me how important is the 4 Series for the BMW Group? Extremely important. 4 Series is the emotional part of our company, so that is pure Freude am Fahn. By developing the 4 Series, what was the main thing you were focusing on? This is the second generation of 4 Series that we developed in Germany. now have and we were aiming on a maximum of differentiation, on a maximum of emotionalization of the 4-Series compared to the 3. Okay and you did that in the exterior I guess with design. That is a very important pillar obviously. So I will switch to Seung Mo. Seung Mo tell me, what makes the 4-Series or the 4-Series convertible so different from other cars? This daring and expressive and imposing kidney grille does the job. Having two different faces between 3-Series and 4-Series. Okay and the kidney is not only a design element, it's also some technical things going on there. Yeah that's correct. So if we talk about the technical benefits of the kidney grille of the 4, we have two different kind of sections up and down there. So as you can see, we have motorized air flaps here and also down there inside. This makes the perfect aerodynamic performance. So this makes the technical benefits and the other one is all the sensors in the camera and the radar are placed within the kidney grille for the first time. So which means the vertical and large kidney grille was not only the design challenge, but also the technical challenge as well. So I got it with the kidney. Tell me a little bit more about the design highlights of that car. Yeah the design has lots of features in here and there. So we just covered with the kidney grille, so now we can move on to the side view. Yeah. So we have very simple surfacing. So I would say maybe four lines is enough to describe this car. Yeah. So we have main character lines. So I think the most interesting part and the cool part of the convertible design is you can see exterior and the interior together. Yeah, that's true. You can see it at the same time. Absolutely. So the character line or what I mentioned earlier is repeated in the interior. So yeah, that's true. Yeah. The section on the door is used in the door trim. And which is continuing in the second rear seat row. And this is somehow sharing the same theme. So the planners are even. Oh, it's somehow like offset it. Yeah. This is the kind of design term. So you copy and move in a certain direction. So this interior and exterior has the same story. Yeah. So it's one holistic object. Yeah, it's very neat and clean on the outside and the inside. You can see that as well. That's very cool. I can see a new color on that. It's shining very, very nice in the sun. How is the color called? It is called Sunrimmer Green. So I love this color personally so much. How do you like it? I love it. It's full of variation. So this color is deeper and has much more opulent value in it. So it accentuates the drama of the surface. Yeah. With the stronger contrast. You can see the lines. Shadow and lights. Yeah. So it reflects. The environment perfectly. We're talking about the roof. The roof changed from hardtop to softtop. Let's move over to the other car we have here. Are there any other benefits than design benefits because the silhouette changed? Andi? This softtop is called a multi-panel, multi-layer construction. Okay. So therefore we were able to shave off 40% of the weight of the roof itself. That again lowers the center of gravity. Of course. Yes. The most important benefit also is that we have a much better comfort in terms of acoustics and also in terms of temperatures. That means this car is acoustically better. Definitely. Okay. Definitely. It's acoustically better than the retractable hardtop. Okay. And what about the trunk? That is a very important thing. Yeah. Because it's a soft top. Yeah. I guess it's better. Again, once the top is open, the size of the top is much, much smaller. And therefore it takes much less space in the trunk. Then again, we have a lot more space when the top is down. That is 80 liters more. Okay. That's very, very cool. Yeah. And what about opening and closing the rooftop? How long does it take? That is 18 seconds opening and closing. And how much is the speed I can drive at maximum? That goes up to speeds of 50 kilometers. Okay. That's very cool. So in the city while driving, I can open and close it. Absolutely. Yes. That's really very cool. Let me ask you one feature you love the most. About this car. Let's start with you, Seungmo. Andy just mentioned about the smaller volume of the canvas top. Yeah. So thanks to that one, we were allowed to have a beautiful feature line over here. For example, here. So coupe doesn't have this one. Okay. So this line lies on the sweet spot for technique and the design for both. So this one creating beautiful section here. Okay. So this line lies on the sweet spot for technique and the design for both. So this one creating beautiful section here. Okay. So this one creating beautiful section here. So I'll pick this one. In combination. Yeah. With the canvas top. Okay. Fair enough. Andy, what about you? Yeah, I have to be boring there. It's also this new soft top. No, seriously. It's not only the looks, it's the weight, it's the weight distribution, it's driving dynamics. So it completes the picture of that new 4-series convertible. Makes sense. It only... It only has advantages. Less weight, more dynamics and even more comfort. Yes. Now, one last question, guys. When is it possible to drive that car on the streets? I can't wait. Yeah, me too. Andy? Just in time for the next convertible season in March 21. Very cool. Thank you very much for your time. I hope to see you soon again. And you guys outside there, thanks for watching BMW today. Hope to see you soon on the next episode.