 Welcome to another edition of MotorcarFile. We're proud to present an in-depth review of the all-new BMW i8. This is arguably the most anticipated offering from BMW since its debut in Frankfurt in 2009. A design which really presents itself more so as an exercise in human ingenuity than the most desired plug-in sports car in the world. Not including, obviously, the hypercar's 918 P1 LaFerrari, which are the only other cars that offer this combination of energies to provide a sports car experience. I mean, this is really a design for the future. The overall design itself, with BMW's layering principles, exposes new opportunities for designers to shape a car silhouette. For example, this is the first time we see disconnected floating body panels, which are just one piece of a total set of aerodynamic elements, all of which are inspired by nature and inspired directly by the shape of a droplet of water. This is just magnificent to see in person. And I mean, this car is chock full of very clever design solutions everywhere from form to function. And it's really a design that's going to be a success. It's really fascinating to see the level of detail in focused areas like the headlights. This is presented with an LED headlight setup, but as we understand it, in Europe you can actually order a laser headlight option. We like the fact that when the turn signal is operating, the daytime LED accent lamps remain on. In some other cars, you'll notice that the daytime LEDs turn off so that the turn signal, so you can see the difference. But in this car, everything remains on, which is fantastic. To give you an idea of just how efficient this car is, the drag coefficient is just 0.26. So following this efficient thought process, the i8 is equipped with hinged scissor doors, which are actually very useful in practice. They're very easy to open, very easy to close. And the large openings make entering and exiting the vehicle as comfortable as one would imagine a BMW to be. One element we see throughout the i8 are the eye-inspired blue accent rings and finishes. This car has it below the door sill, but it's on the kidney grill. The wheels are also on the inside of the car, with some logos and logos throughout. You'll see this echoed in the interior as well. The wheels on this example are 20-inch light alloys, and the trim level is TerraWorld. The wheels are intelligently designed to reduce some of the drag generally found in the wheel wells. So there's four trim levels you can choose from in the i8. There's MegaWorld, GigaWorld, TerraWorld, as you see it here, which comes with gorgeous brown leather interior. And the top trim would be pure ImpulseWorld. So power to the front wheels comes from an electric motor with a two-speed. transmission and power to the rear wheels is from a three-cylinder turbocharged gas motor made it to an automatic six-speed transmission. So total power you get 357 horsepower, total torque 420 foot-pounds. And the sound of the gas motor is pretty aggressive for a three-cylinder, but when you're inside with the augmented sound in the cockpit, that's really when it truly comes to life. So it's interesting to note that the carbon fiber in this car does not look like the traditional carbon fiber you would come to expect. It doesn't have that traditional weave everyone is familiar with when they think about carbon fiber. Because of a new manufacturing process, BMW has managed to actually reduce the cost of mass-producing carbon fiber. And as an added interesting note, the carbon fiber material used in the i8 is made in the USA at a facility which only uses hydropower. So other than that, that's it. Thank you. So other than all these fantastic features and facts, we're going to go through the interior in detail being a new generation BMW. You have the latest touchpad iDrive controller and the software has additional settings for the efficiency of the electric drive in this i8 and I would imagine all i cars. But we'll drive the car, we'll see what all the drive modes feel like and we'll see if it lives up to all the anticipation. Before we proceed, we want to take a moment to thank Global Motor Cars of Houston. They have a wide range of inventory they've opened up to us. They have a wide range of cars to provide you these reviews. They have newer cars, certified cars, exotic cars, custom cars, classic cars, luxury cars, daily drivers, SUVs. So they have a wide range that can cater to a lot of customers' needs. If you're interested in purchasing a vehicle or you find any vehicle in our reviews interesting, we ask you contact them at globalmotorcars.com. Here's the new key, flat, very new style design. It strays itself away from the other current BMW keys which is fantastic. You have metal finishes around that echo the same details inside and out and we'll look at some of those things that carry through. You have your unlocked lock, your back trunk which is also where the engine is but this will give you access to the trunk. And in case you need to locate the car or your emergency siren here. You do have a valet key that slides out and that valet key also in the case of an emergency or no batteries can slide in here. And unlock the door but generally it is a keyless start system but what we'll do is push unlock and open the door. Gorgeous scissor doors. So everything is aerodynamically efficient. Of course, weight savings in mind everywhere. Ultra stiff while saving weight. So you have carbon fiber in the door panel, carbon fiber beams with aluminum panels. So the structure in the door is actually very good. It's actually carbon. The life module which sits on top of the drive module is carbon. The drive module being mostly aluminum. But you get these fantastic exposed carbon lines in the door panel, in the door entryway where you get in and right here over the sill. And all of it is really fantastically rigid. I mean when you push on it, it's ultra stiff and it looks gorgeous. It's got these lines. Almost looks like textile. So the sill does sit pretty high. So you actually get in as if it's like a tub type setup. But they refer to it as the life module. So you get in and pull the handle and shut the door. Again, it is a keyless operated starting system. So once you're inside, you just push start. And of course because it's an electric car, it starts automatically in comfort mode. We're going to go through some of the modes with you. There's four drive modes. But by default, it starts in comfort mode. So you don't get an engine sound on startup. You just get sort of a futuristic whine, electric whistle so to speak. So following the sort of draped teardrop. Look of everything in this car. You get the same thing in the mirror. A sort of teardrop sweep up. And through the rear view mirror, you get a good shot of that air channel back there. That's made from the body panels. Gorgeous vents, panels, curtains, air to sort of direct the air all over this car. And that sort of futuristic look echoes in the interior with the lines that you see here. Of course with the blue stitching and the blue lines and the details. The blue ring around the BMW. This car is finished in like a dark metallic grey over this gorgeous brown sort of finish. And the leather in it. Consider that most efficient cars, everything inside is eco-friendly material. Which is eco-friendly material in this car as well. But they have a sort of hippie like sensation to them. Even in the Tesla, the seats feel sort of light. Sort of a good way to describe them is like a hippie material. Everything is sort of eco-friendly and you sense it. In this car, you don't. While it is eco-friendly, you don't get that at all. So the joints of the door panel and some other locations above the AC and in the other door panel. There's gorgeous LED lighting to give the cabin a very nice ambiance at night. You do have your door open switch here. And your lock and unlock switch right here. Very, very comfortable. Very ergonomic to your thumb and your hand. You have your fuel door which opens up your gas fuel door on the right passenger side rear. You have your mirror functions. Your driver window and your passenger window. And the same trunk button that's on the key is here on the door handle. Or your armrest. So everything again has that feeling. Has that feeling of like a very nice 7 series leather. So you don't get, you don't feel like, okay I'm inside of an eco-friendly car. Obviously the quietness gives it that. It gives you that sensation. And the overall feeling of the car gives you the sensation of a futuristic eco-friendly car. But the interior feels as luxurious as you would anticipate a brand new $130,000 BMW would. So we'll go through some of the drive modes. And we'll talk about this instrument cluster. Moving over here to the left. You have your AC vents which are manually operated with a little tab. Centrally located tab. And everything feels really quality. Everything feels really tangible to the touch. So nothing is loose. Everything has a really quality, heavy sensation to it. You have your light switch. Your automatic off. Your daytime running lamps in full on. And your interior cabin lighting. So you do have some information here at the bottom left. That can be cycled through with this BC button. So as I push this BC button. This cycles through. And of course you have your turn signals here on this stock. Functioning your turn signal is pretty easy. Everything is just like other BMWs. So if you're a BMW fan or you have other BMW cars. Getting into this car would be really easy to function and start driving right away. You have your cruise control settings here on the left hand side of the steering wheel. And this car is equipped with this. It automatically knows the speed limit where you are. And it will give you a visual signal of that. So the speed limit here. And there's a visual. I'm not sure if it shows on the camera. But there's a visual signal of the speed limit in my windscreen. With the heads up display. Full color heads up display. You have steering wheel mounted shift paddles. Minus and plus. So being that they're steering wheel mounted. They do move with the steering wheel. So if you turn to the left. You now have your switch positions pluses on the left. You have all of your functions for your radio. Your voice command. Your phone here on the right. Traditional to BMW. Everything else here in the center stack is also traditional to BMW. You have your screen here. Protruding out of the center. With your iDrive controls which we'll go through. You have your hazard button. Your frontal collision. Your collision warning systems here. And within this. You have your memory buttons here. They have that soft touch memory assignments. So you can as my finger slides across. You can see that it's moving. But it's not activating anything until I give it a full press. And you can program everything from addresses. Phone numbers. And all kinds of things into the favorites of these buttons up here. Down below those buttons. You have your comfort and temperature for the cabin. Your seat warmer. Your rear defroster. Your temperature for your driver and your passenger. And they can be synced or unsynced. And everything that has to do with the climate control is easily functioned right here. Moving down from that. You have a gorgeous little LED detail around the start button. One of the driving modes that's available in this car is the eDrive. So when you push eDrive. You get right now the battery isn't charged enough to get full eDrive. But pushing that you can see that it pulls up the menu saying that you can go to the car. And you can see the menu saying that you can go up to a certain distance on just electric power. Assuming you had enough battery juice. I think on all electric power this can go up to 20 miles or so. And up to 75 miles an hour. You have your traction control system. Which is integrated into the electric motor mounted on the front axle. And the fuel motor. Mid mounted rear fuel motor that's driving the rear wheels. So the gas portion is the rear wheel drive. The electric portion is the front wheel drive. Total all wheel drive basically. When they're going together. You have your comfort. Your eco pro. By default the car starts in comfort. And when you're in drive you can shift this to the left to get this car into sport. Getting into sport of course is full performance. Getting all the power from the front motor. The electric motor. And all the power from the gas motor for a full performance sporty driving experience. You have your camera button. And your rear parking sensor control. Off to the left here you have electronically activated deactivated parking brake. And the transmission stock itself is traditional to other BMW cars of this model year. Moving back from that. You have your little storage compartment here. Which is kind of odd because it opens up towards you. And everything is you know facing the passenger so to speak. But you have your USB here and auxiliary input right here. And will charge and it will also integrate it into the radio. You have one single cup holder. And you have a storage compartment here that opens up towards the driver. Which would be traditionally where your phone is. And there is 12 volt DC power supply. So the iDrive controller is just like every other BMW. You have down, up, left, right and rotation and select as your options. You have a dedicated back button. Which is fantastic. I always like the dedicated back button. And you have an option button that will take you through options of further options of whatever sub menu you are in. So you can quick push. You can quick push these buttons up here to go directly to those functions. Or you can go straight to them via the turn dial on this iDrive controller. So you go up, rotate up, rotate down. I can go to multimedia here. Or I can go to multimedia here. Similarly with all the other functions you can do so. And the menu as well will take you straight to the main menu here. Where you are in the center. You do have further settings. You can control. I mean this car is infinitely adjustable. Charging, auto eDrive. Everything. There is options for everything to look at. And if it is modifiable, modify. You can modify the heads up display. The brightness, rotation, location. Everything else is pretty much modifiable to the way you like. Your lighting. Be it your interior lighting or your exterior lighting. Pathway lighting. Functions of your doors and your key. How it locks, unlocks. Frontal collision warning. Profiles that are saved. So there is a plethora of options in the vehicle settings that you can go into and change. Vehicle info will give you your electric manual. Electronic manual. Here so you don't have to go through a hard manual or a paper manual. And you can search by quick reference or pictures or even a keyword. And then everything else the connected driver is the BMW apps and stuff. And everything else is pretty much self explanatory. Very fantastic that it is exactly as it would be in any other BMW. So they kept that even in this car very convenient. Moving on. Moving up here to the top stack. You have your home link buttons. You have a manually adjusted mirror. You have your reading lamps for your driver and your passenger. Your main cabin lamp. Your SOS and assistance button. And your passenger airbag signal to tell you if nobody is in there it is off. You have your microphone. Your Bluetooth microphone up here. And probably any sensor, temperature sensor or anything right here in these grills. The roof does feel very simple. The material feels simple. Everything does feel light. If anywhere in this car feels light and feels eco-friendly and obviously eco-friendly. It's these sun visors and the roof in general. The feeling of the roof. I think that's really the only place that it feels like that. The roof is very simple. It's got a nice little I'm going to put the car in drive here. You don't get no signal. The engine doesn't turn on. Nothing like that. Because it's standard in default and comfort. I can switch this to eco-pro which will reduce the amount of power acceleration so that everything goes into eco-pro mode to gain efficiency and fuel range by reducing everything a little bit but staying safe. I can push the auto e-drive as we did before but there's not enough battery for it to stay in e-drive. Or I can push my shifting stock to the left as I just did and it goes straight into sport mode where you can see in sport mode the power, electric power demanded turns into a regular traditional RPM gauge. So by default you have this 0-100 gauge which tells you that when you smash the gas you're demanding 100% of the power. And if you let go of the gas you go into brake regenerative braking. It will go into the charge portion of the gauge. But switching it to sport gives you a traditional RPM gauge with a boost monitor in the center. Boost being when the electric motor kicks in to give you that additional power. So I can't wait to get to the car. I'm going to go ahead and get to the car. So I can't wait to get to the driving portion to see how all that feels because this is probably the most exciting car BMW has produced in quite some time. So let's go into the passenger, open the fuel compartment, open the back trunk and get to the driving portion of the review. So we're going to unlock the car. Open the door. Open the trunk. Open the fuel door. So up on the front left front fender. On the driver side fender you have your plug in for the charging system. Very convenient. And then on the rear back fender you have your traditional fuel for the motor in the rear. The fuel motor in the rear. As I was saying earlier when you open this trunk the motor is in there. Right there. So all you get is this sort of trunk space here. You have your plug to charge the car. Let's see what else is in here. Some other for towing your tow hook. Some other storage things. You do have exposed carbon. Everywhere in the life module that you open you see exposed carbon. So that's a very gorgeous feature. And you do have ventilation, passive ventilation here. Could be active ventilation. It could be active ventilation for the motor mounted below. And so now we'll get to the exciting portion. The driving portion. Can't wait to see how this thing sounds and feels on the road. Alrighty folks. So this is the long anticipated BMW i8. Debut in 2009. In the Frankfurt Auto Show. Showing the sort of the future for BMW and what to expect. And I guess the future for car companies across the globe. So immediately the sensation I get from the car. I don't get the sensation I'm driving an electric fuel efficient car. It feels quite normal to me. Of course you start in comfort mode. In comfort mode you do take advantage of both the gas motor engine. The electric motor in sort of a balanced manner. You do have a 129 horsepower electric motor driving the front axle. With 184 foot pounds of torque. And you have a 228 horsepower turbocharged three cylinder driving the rear axle. With 236 foot pounds of torque. For a total of 357 horsepower. And about 420 foot pounds of torque. Of course having an electric motor will compensate for the lag experience. Because of the turbo. So you sort of get this continuous torque sensation. And we'll go through that in every mode available in the car. And talk about how it feels in different modes. So in comfort mode right here at this stop sign. We'll give it some gas. I shouldn't say gas. Some throttle. And see how it goes. So from a standstill. A little bit of gas. And we're open. So let's switch this into sport. Where we're going to get full boost. Wow. The RPM is a lot higher. Wow. And it holds gear. So it's not shifting in overrun. And it's giving charge to my battery. When I release the gas. What a spirited car. I mean it's. The problem with electric cars is. If you want to put a lot of juice. You need a lot of battery. A lot of battery means a lot of weight. So if you have a high performance electric car. Generally the idea is. You're just going to weigh a lot. Because of the battery requirement. With all of the efficiency. The life module. The drive module being aluminum. Life module being carbon. All of these weight savings. The balance of the car is unharmed. And the weight is that of a typical sports car. So it's going to be a lot of weight. And it's going to be a lot of power. And it's going to be a lot of power. And it's going to be a lot of power. And it's going to be a lot of power. For a sports car. Which is fantastic. The balance of course comes from. Everything being centrally located. Centrally mounted. And low. Low CG. And low coefficient of drag. With all of the other efficiency. 0.26 and the coefficient of drag. Everything lowest CG of any BMW. And of course everything. Including the fuel motor is. Centrally located down. Where you would consider the transmission would be. Is actually battery power. I mean it just sounds amazing. For an electric car. Or an ultra efficient plug in car. That's supposed to get 100 plus miles to the gallon. Oh my god. Man that feels great. 357 instantaneous horsepower. Maybe not instantaneous horsepower. But 420 instantaneous foot pounds of torque. Almost damn near instantaneous. I mean that feels fantastic. Fantastic. So the whole while that I've been pushing the gas. I should say that the AC has been functioning just fine. Everything else has been functioning just fine. The steering. The power steering feels smooth. Feels balanced. The cars. When you're shifting the mass side to side. Feels absolutely stable. When you're running up through the gear. And the speed. The velocity is picking up. I think this car has 155 mile an hour top speed. But while the car is picking up that speed. It feels absolutely planted. Very well behaved sports car. I hesitate to call it a very well behaved plug in sports car. Because it does actually feel and drive like a pure sports car. And the shape of it is a pure sports car. I mean what a brilliant vehicle by BMW. Honestly this is truly brilliant. The group of people that got together. The smart minds and brains that came together to create this for BMW. The engineers. Their designers. Their planners. And everybody inside of BMW. Their efficiency designers. Their aero designers. Their electric power. Battery power designers. Their motor is designed in house. So it took a lot of brains to get together to make this so seamless. And done with so much finesse. So hats off to BMW. Truly an amazing driving experience all around. If I had the money. I would buy this car. Tomorrow. But unfortunately the demand on this car is so high. That I would have to pay a pretty high premium to get this car right now. It's just the way that the world works. This was obvious to be a game changing car. And the industry is responding to it very very well. So I mean if this is the first stab at a fuel efficient sports car by BMW. This is their first iteration of what they think it should be. God knows where they're going to go from here. I mean the only way you're going to get this kind of performance. And this sort of technology balancing plug in electronics with the gas motor. The only way you're going to get this sort of combination of technologies. Is with the million dollar plus hyper cars. The 918. The McLaren P1. The Ferrari. La Ferrari. All these cars have this sort of combination of plug in and gas motor. To make it a truly thoroughbred sports car. Truly amazing. While I try to gather my thoughts here. It's been a fantastic ride. Fantastic experience to review this car. It's something that for my life I'll always remember. Because this is going to always be a very important car to BMW. Like their classic cars. The 507. It's just going to be one of those cars that in history will last and be there for good. So I'm glad you guys watched this review. I'm glad you guys are going to watch this review. I'm going to keep you guys posted. And I will see you guys in the next video. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'm glad you guys watched this review. Let us know what you think. Let us know what you want to see. Comment. Subscribe. Follow. We're everywhere at Motorcar File. Let us know. And we'll try to get you some more of these exclusive cars in the future. Thanks. Welcome to a new episode of AusfahrTV from the beautiful and bitterly Munich or Munich area. Here we are today and want to introduce you to the BMW i8. Very briefly as an introduction, our videos for those of you who have not seen AusfahrTV or not often enough. Our videos are always a bit longer than what you usually know from car reviews. But that doesn't matter. The description text of the video is very important . You will find jump marks there. And our videos are always divided into different chapters. If you are not interested in the chapters, you can simply skip through the jump marks. Or you say, I'll look at two chapters today. Two chapters tomorrow and so on and so forth. All goes well. In addition, you will find other reviews in the article description that are relevant to this vehicle and also the technical data from the vehicle. On the IAA 2009 in Frankfurt, BMW first released the i8 i8. You can find the full review of the i8 in the link in the description. A concept was presented, called BMW Vision Efficient Dynamics, which looked pretty similar to the BMW i8. In 2011, two years later, again at the IAA, they presented a studio BMW i8. And again two years later, at the IAA again in 2013, they presented the serial vehicle, the BMW i8. The market launch took place in the middle of 2014. The first vehicles were also delivered to the customers. The vehicle is being built in Leipzig. With the BMW i8, the Munichs have put a very unique and also self-willed vehicle on its feet. Direct competitors are actually not available. We don't know a hybrid sports car, a visionary hybrid sports car. If you look at the unique magazines and online offers, you will find comparison tests between the BMW i8 and the BMW i8. I think they don't really fit, but I wanted to put them in the room at least. BMW has made it easy for me with the i8. There is only one performance level. I don't have to empty and ask for engine numbers. This plug-in hybrid all-wheel sport car has an electric motor on the front axle. It has 131 PS and stands for a maximum torque of 250 Nm. The rear axle is driven by a 1.5 liter three-cylinder gasoline engine. So that you can see it only in terms of approach, we have already dismantled everything possible and will show you that in a moment. But there is still a package or a cover over it and you don't really see much. You probably shouldn't do that either. It has 231 PS and can handle 320 Nm. The engine is a 3.7-liter naturally aspirated V8 with a maximum torque of 3.7 liters per minute. I guess because both engines have their own axle, you can simply count the performance of the plug-in hybrid BMW i8. So we come to a system performance of 362 PS. The gasoline engine is equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission. You can also influence it manually. The electric motor has a two-speed automatic transmission. It is controlled electronically. And in general it is important to know that there is no mechanical connection between the two axles. Really gasoline engine in the back, electric in the front. If you only drive electrically, you drive front-wheel drive. If you only drive with a gasoline engine, because the battery is all, only rear-wheel drive, there is still electricity on the battery, then you have all-wheel drive. Facts, facts, facts. Of course also for the BMW i8. It accelerates from 0 to 100 km per hour. In 4.4 seconds. The top speed is regulated at 250 km h. The BMW i8 has a tank content of 30 liters. For 100 euros you can also install a 42 liter tank. According to BMW, fuel consumption of 2.1 liters is super. And 11.9 kilowatt hours to 100 kilometers could theoretically be a range of almost 440 kilometers. Come. I would like to add briefly. Fuel consumption and hybrid vehicles are a crime. Nobody wants to understand. No matter. With the 42 liter tank it should be 600 kilometers. The combined CO2 emission is indicated with 49 grams per kilometer. The BMW i8 is 4.70 meters long with a wheelbase of 2.80 meters. It is 1.30 meters high and measures 1.94 meters in width. From outside mirror to outside mirror it is 2.22 meters. The car is a little bit more powerful than the BMW i8. The turning circle of the i8 is 12.30 meters. The empty weight is 1.485 kilograms. The total weight is 1.855 kilograms. The entry price for the BMW i8 is 130,000 euros. Our test car, as it stands, probably costs 137,100 euros. I also have the insurance classes. Prison 30, full helmet 30 and partial helmet 16. Prison 30, full helmet 30 and partial helmet 16. Prison 30, full helmet 30 and partial helmet 16. What I find a bit shocking in this context is that they say, okay, lightweight here, carbon, CFK, aluminum, everything nice and light. Empty weight 1,495 kilograms. And I already had the Porsche 911 Carrera 4 GTS. It has an empty weight of 1,490 kilograms. So it's just 5 kilograms heavier than this technology wonder. And I think that's a bit of a BMW. It's probably still total engineering art. But for me as a consumer, I think 5 kilograms, boy, that's not a witch's work. Just as if you look at it. And I may say here briefly, I think it's really dreamy beautiful. I really like it. I think it's great. Of course, it's all a matter of taste. You can find it ugly. I think it's great. The i3 is already great. But the i8, I think, is very successful and looks like from the next century. CW value 0.26. And then you think, okay, that's not a closet. You can see a good CW value. On the other hand, the new A4, we recently discussed, as a combination also has a CW value of 0.26. And then I think, wait a minute, it looks like half a rocket. And the A4 is a little bit more expensive. And the A4 is like a chic combination. Why? I don't understand. So why can't you really push with such a flunder here? Yes, no idea. With the BMW i8, the full LED front headlights are in series. And I would like to emphasize that. The car has a basic price of 130,000. As far as I understand it, with all extras, even in expensive alus and so, you get to a little over 140,000. Normally it's a rule of thumb, if you configure a 3-series, for example, it costs the sum of X. And if you configure it in a starting way, you have X plus at least 50%. And if you take a full cabin, it's 75% increase or something. And here you really have a car, what you buy for the basic price, in principle, everything important is already in it. And what is not in it, is not so insanely expensive. So the full LED headlights are included in the basic price. There are also some with the extended function, light-weld regulation, light for the motorway and so on, costs 300 euros on price. So yes, seriously, at a purchase price of 130,000, you also take the 300 with you, right? Free of charge as an update, at least as I understood it, from the configurator, you can now configure the laser light from the end of 2014. Laser light illuminates extremely wide, should also help. There are different opinions and I can't connect myself at the moment, whether this is now rocket technology or not. Some say it's just too much and you don't need it. Others say no, it's totally on the edge technology and so on. There is definitely for the BMW i8 and you can configure it. The BMW i8 can be ordered in six different color combinations. Our color combination is called Protonic Blue with a single color. Protonic Blue with a single color. It has an accent of Frozen Grey Metallic, costs 350 euros on price. Generally, the 20-inch wheels that are installed on the car are not on price. Our shoes are W-speichel 470, the model is called, and cost 1,500 euros on price. The regular rims are also 20 inches. Our tires are already equipped with winter tires, our car with winter tires, 215 in the front and back. Otherwise, the rims are already equipped with winter tires, our car with winter tires, 215 in the front and back. The rear ones are a little wider than the front ones. Then I can only say, the brake at the front has four pistons, only one at the back. And can also be recovered, of course. On this side of the vehicle is the power supply for the power, I almost wanted to say. So the plug connection so that I can charge it electrically. The battery is in the middle, down here, on the bottom of the vehicle, not on the bottom, but from the front. The battery is installed from the center point, pretty far down, in the center console. It has a capacity of 5.2 kilowatt hours. I have taken away from the press release that you need about three hours at a normal plug, to charge the battery to 80 percent. I did not find 100 percent, either because I am blind or it is not in there. If you drive to a corresponding charging station or buy this BMW i-Wallbox, then you can charge 80 percent in two hours. Whether that makes sense or not. I told you about the fuel consumption of hybrid vehicles earlier. 2.1 liters are indicated here and a few kilowatt hours. That's all of course, I don't know. I knew how you calculated it and I find it so illogical that I forgot again. Everything is limited here. I can't keep that much. I have a little bit of a problem with the battery. I have read the manual a little bit and found a reference in the car test. They say they go from the consumption of 4.5 liters of gasoline and 12 kilowatt hours to 100 kilometers. That's what we've learned. We have the car here for two days now. We turn a lot, that's why we can't drive that much. That's why I wanted to mention that at least because we can't find a reasonable value here that we can pass on to you. If you just want to be on the road with the petrol engine, you can do that. The car test is calculated with 12.6 liters. BMW thinks you would also be able to get there with 8 liters. Tobi and I agree that the heck is the chocolate side of the i8. I said earlier that I think it looks really great. And from the back it is especially pleasant, especially here alone, because of these curved parts, but also because of these three-dimensional-looking LED full LED taillights. I think they are really pretty tasty. They did a great job. Here is an i8 badge again and this eDrive story. You're already wondering a little bit, okay, hybrid, where is the exhaust? The exhaust is hidden down here below. It's a double-floated system with a really thick cover. It actually does something. You could have shown it a little bit further back. But I think the idea is, so plug-in hybrid, actually it's almost a big one. It's a little bit green and so on. Then we'd better not do that. So now it's time to go into the interior. It's also a lot of cold. I'm frozen, want to go in. Tobi can stay outside. I'm not like that. The doors are already a highlight. Open yourself. And I have to admit, we were there with very dear colleagues yesterday evening. We also drove there with the car as a test drive. We don't have that much time to test. And then I drove into the parking space and opened the door. And it's about that speed. You're sitting in there and you don't see what's happening outside. And I waited so long that it would eventually scratch the other car. That's of course completely stupid. Because yes, the door swings up, but the car is in itself 2.22 meters wide with an outside mirror. When I open the door and the door is like that, it's 2.77 meters wide. So just 55 centimeters opens this door in width. And that's a lot of space. And if you imagine the door now, I would open it normally. It's like a meter wide. That's a little more. And every other car that has conventional doors of course opens much wider too. And the danger that you somehow put a nut in another car because your own door is of course much larger. Then again for the garage parking. If you want to open both doors in the garage, you need something over 3 meters. Namely, I can expect 200 meters. 2.77 meters plus 55 centimeters are Tobi? Yes, 3.30 meters. So your garage should be 3.30 meters wide so that you can open both doors. So now let's make a cut. I'll get in and then we'll do the rest, right? No, hey, it was a joke. Because you have to now ... Jens practiced this at the SLS. He had wing doors and then got into it with a flowing movement. I have him for a hard time. I have to say, I got into it with a flowing movement. I hated him for that because I couldn't do it with my astral body. But in principle, you easily throw one leg over here and then slide into the car. Everything you actually have to do is to put one foot in and then you can basically slide over the bar. And that's not how bad it looked. You can also get to the door very comfortably and can now just pull it in. Before I get in properly, I'll show you the special equipment. I said it's so little. Roof sky in athracite costs € 380. Then the blue belts, which I think are really great. For the price of € 400. And then the head-up display € 1400. Ramon Cardon € 900. I think we're there already. Then we have beaten everything. But let's start. As always with Ausfahrt TV, let's first look at the materials. And here too, I have to briefly mention before I start with the materials, I would like to say very briefly BMW has made great efforts to make this car as environmentally compatible as possible. Already in production they consume significantly less resources than in commercial vehicles. Here in the interior, a good example is the leather. The leather has to be gouged. Normally the chemical coal comes on it, then it fits. In this case, I think, it will be gouged in Leipzig. But in Germany it is a little bit more expensive. This is a German company. And with an extract from olive tree leaves. So they have found a protective process or an environmentally friendly process to gouged the leather. Further are all the aluminum parts that are being installed here. So also the frame that holds the battery and everything from recycled aluminum. And when I open the door again, you can't see it very well, but the entry bar there is such a thing that looks a little bit like he should do this or did they have only not painted. This is, for example, then from PET granulate. They took PET bottles and then it is finely ground and from it then again new materials generated accordingly. And so that's all going on here a little bit through the car and I think that's good. So I like that too from the idea. So we have not only created a hybrid which is a little different, but we are also trying here to create a series of products that you can win environmentally friendly or yes, produces. Yes, good, but now. So welcome to the interior. That's all here already nice, I can say that. So we have here leather coating on the dashboard is of course a bit deflated here but does nothing against that it all feels good. Here it is painted, but in principle everywhere I touch where I let my hands sway there now not necessarily but we have leather and that is of course highly comfortable and supports this premium character which BMW of course also always want to underline. So materials are already great. It's really nice here. What the size or the volume the space volume that we have here because the whole thing is a bit is swinging here, so this swing alone from narrow to front gets wider, I have at least optically the feeling, my God, I have a lot of space here, so that's a wide car. It seems much wider to me inside than the numbers outside prove that it is not so wide. And I can sit here very comfortably can also have a fist between my head and press accordingly in the roof sky. So I have enough space there too and yes, I really sit here very comfortable. I'm already on the side I have already driven with Tobi here he has his area there, I have mine here I want to have it too and so it should be is a nice thing. As far as the ergonomics are concerned, that's even all a bit attached to me that's almost usual with BMW and the switches, if you know a BMW then you can also drive it here very comfortably that's all well done. Yes, in any case, that the switches are directly behind the gear lever is a bit stupid, but I'm complaining on a high level now, because I wanted to say something. Yes, good. I'm 1.80 m tall I'm so quasi the average German so I don't care but now we want to hear what Tobi says does he find a suitable seating position here and can he see properly, how does it look? Come on Tobi, let's hear it. Thanks for the introduction. I'll give you a few impressions from me. I have to say that I find it quite complicated to get in here when you're taller because I somehow had the steering wheel in the way if you set it all the way up, then it works but it's a bit more complicated alone to the front, apart from my head and my upper body, I have to say that I sit quite well I have enough space for my legs to get to the pedals and the steering is also nice but I hardly have head freedom and I don't know I have always raised my hair a bit and I touch the roof sky almost all the time I don't like that and from an overview I have to say that it is almost catastrophic on the right side what I see from the windshield is covered by the fender and where the fender is not we have a relatively large inner mirror it's a bit tricky to find a viewpoint but I think it's okay but you should really try it if you can handle it because you might want to use it as a daily car and not just as a fun car ultimately I can sit in here and I don't have the feeling that my head is hanging on the roof sky and that I can't move and that's okay for the size of the car what I forgot I am 1,95 m tall and I hand over to Jan thank you Tobias you shouldn't be too tall or if you are taller do a longer test drive so you are sure if you invest the money that you can drive the car with fun okay I will start I don't have a height adjustment because the seatbelt is at the back the length of the seatbelt is quite common hopefully I stay here with my microphone and there is a silver strap so I can hook the seatbelt so it doesn't slip all the way and from here I can comfortably take it the seats are electrically adjustable and in height the leans the usual program and do I have any lumbar support here? no, doesn't look like it at least I don't feel any I come by the way the gap between the seatbelt and the seat is big enough so I can get in there with my hand so the seats can be electrically adjusted and are three-stage heated with the seat heating and you hardly believe it but they don't look like the mega sports seats of the side seats are very comfortable also when driving the faster small curves you sit very firmly in the seats even if I can't adjust the side wings as you can do in one or the other sports car yes that's it the steering wheel is then to be adjusted manually and I think the steering radius is super especially how far it comes out that's a fine thing I think it's good it's leather-coated a little thicker behind the for my hands I have the shift whips here can shift also they are at least with such a metal alloy the plastic is connected so that it also feels high-quality and I have another one here a silver wick around it but that's not a problem when steering that's also a multifunction steering wheel I have on the left the buttons to adjust the speedometer and on the right buttons to operate the infotainment system from the steering wheel good when I look at the exterior they fit very well to the car and what I find nice in the exterior I see these pliers at the back where the rear light is basically connected from above and from below and the tailgate is therefore also visually quite far outside looks good but that's not the point I want to keep the rear-view traffic in mind and they are still completely okay in terms of size that also applies to the interior mirror it is quite large but the rear window is damn small I can't even start with it and now I look over the shoulder and see there in principle also on the A-pillar that is the window behind I hardly recognize there is definitely a dead angle and it is not even close if I do that on the other side then the window is useful to me but the I don't know if that's the B or C-pillar at least the pillar back there is just, sorry, enormously thick so really, it's not from bad parents and there I have in any case exactly such a blind spot so a dead angle and also when driving I drive a whole lot of cars and when I say I find it inconspicuous from the first impression then it is based on all these vehicles that I have driven so far and at first glance it is quite inconspicuous really, you hardly see anything in the back there you are narrowed, here you are narrowed and what I find very bad yesterday evening we drove to the house, here to our pension and that the window was blocked without us being outside and when the window is blocked and someone comes from behind then you have a light bulb in the window so it was quite strange and a bit strange well good nevertheless to arrange you don't do yourself that hard we have not only a rear-view camera but also a 360-degree camera so front camera, back camera, under the mirrors a camera each and rear-view or a 360-degree story so you can with it you can and rear-view cameras from BMW are experience-wise really great and good so you can see everything you have to see and that is also sharp and sharp however the rear-view camera is not protected so that the front and so not protected sorry on it, so gifted but in the back, especially with such a modern car would have been nice if they would have protected it a little because when it rains and you drive backwards and see nothing, that's a bit of a pity yes good then I'll turn on the ignition is there always a little bit of a palim? no, I have to start the whole car there comes palim now I have behind the steering wheel a real cockpit a real display so no classic round instruments anymore I have indicated on the left side a speedometer up to 260 km h is the one indicated in the middle of the speedometer the speed is also displayed digitally that's actually all I've noticed although I don't want to lie I look at the head-up display all the time the values ​​never mind on the right side we have a boost meter in principle how much electricity do I consume or how much is just won by recuperation and when I switch to the sports program then the whole display is colored also red again a bit agro halt then from this meter on the right side a real speedometer but I can do that once and then over that's how it looks and that's a speedometer up to 7500 revolutions per minute and at 6500 revolutions the red area starts what I find a bit of a pity now especially with audi you are used to the virtual cockpit that you still have a little bit of play and space but the display is not that big at all because around it is just a really big black frame so no display area in the conventional sense but still I would have found it nice you could somehow at least adjust another view below at the lower edge of the display we have a big line there is the current consumption or rather there are the values ​​of the board computer at BMW it is always very tiny so that you can't see anything as much as possible they are just displayed on the left then the fuel line shows for the regular fuel consumption then the battery display that is shown once by four LEDs how much space we still have or how much power we still have in the battery then the electrical range also defined again behind that the range of the trip and the driving program or rather no, not at all, that is the remaining range in general then the driving program again the kilometers from the trip we are currently 137 kilometers driven so it fits above is then again the outside temperature displayed as well as the current time it is 13 o'clock 12.59 the whole display can be read well during the day as well as at night and the same goes for the 8.8 inch large infotainment display also there used BMW quality, sharp image can be seen read and I am now of the opinion that purely from the operating point of view the BMW infotainment system we have here the professional system as standard equipment that is one of the systems which really are from the ergonomics here best to be used special equipment I had just mentioned 1400 € on price is the head up display also that in my opinion with one of the best of BMW there is not only the current speed in km h displayed but also the speed limit and so far I then drive somewhere yes we just had a visit from the farmer here and if I also drive somewhere then there are also the instructions from the navigation system where we then know okay we have to drive along there I have everything nice in view is a very sharp picture and also directs me little while driving that I think so quite good there you see the farmer now drive again just wanted to know what's going on here car sliding is usually so here with us at the start well so as I said everything is perfect read and I like that too we have here in the car a very elaborate ambient light the most beautiful is really the floor is dark outside you central lock come turn on the car and then the whole vehicle is somehow pulled through a blue shimmer that is real that is really so back in the future part 4 so I think they did that nicely generally the ambient light here are various the lines worked into the cockpit everywhere in the door too accordingly and here too so small areas there I can choose I would like to choose the orange blue or white have kept and then I have to go to the Tobi found the orange the most beautiful I personally will be at the i8 leave the blue because here the blue lighting so this coming home or this I come to the car function radiates blue and then fits that too nice with the orange but I personally find it even more beautiful so I really think it has impressed me so I found it very nice I have now said a few times but was also nice good a sliding roof is not available you can not order for that in fact a hoop and the hoop sounds like this then we come to the exit tv I want to say exit total every now and then I don't know about the exit tv interior check I'll tell you what you have here have storage options and I say now that would be a very fast number so let's start in the There are no door pockets we wander around here you can certainly put things down here but they also fly through the car first and then you can really here in front of the shift knob or in the gear lever such a small bowl there fits I can throw the car key here is also slanted no not really but at least so rubberized then so that you can see it better we have a flap behind this flap there is a small compartment my cell phone fits in just like that here is also a usb connection and an aux in but I have I think so my cell phone could I can't put it in here now and at the same time because that doesn't fit with the plug then just not fit well but the You can just get the flap on and off then there is a drink holder in the car one for two people but I mean we don't have any trunk yet so why should you have more drinks there are no spacers here either so that this bottle is a bit swivels around tobi had this morning the 1.5 liter bottle with it, it doesn't fit in here but as he says under the seat I just wanted to say then we have here again a compartment that is slipped out here we have a 12 volt connection two separate compartments are that basically yes but you can't say more so much doesn't fit in my wallet either but there's really nothing in there yes, slugger behind it again something is allowed that you can't see it now, so I'll just pull it off oops I wasn't so here again I can also reach the drink holder from the front so I could use it that are the number two drink holders and now here is another one storage area that you can but here just like that clip in and out I wonder if this clip method means that you can do something else if yes I didn't know what I'm sorry yes and that's it bottle holder bottle holder and here the bottle holders have actually no spacers so the bottle tinkers around here the glove compartment is also more a joke than anything else I saw it when cutting and I bend so much it looks like I'm really get a plate I hope it's not so far the board material fits in here again so look here now I understand children yes, it seems a bit spontaneous to me you weren't prepared yet I haven't been there for too long I can take this holder out and then put a mat in here super that I don't get out now so I'll just leave it and then I have another one here slippery mat in the storage possibility so it also works in the sunroof which is illuminated by the way but doesn't fit much anymore if you have a package of is finished end of the field nothing more can I turn this off here too yes yes then we have two sunscreens they are relatively small nothing more fits in both have a makeup mirror in both sides is this mirror not illuminated yes so it's a sports car then you have to have everything illuminated I understand then there are reading lights on two sides that you can turn on individually can as well as an entry light the whole light bar throws on and also hold grips are not provided with this vehicle and if I look over it correctly that was the interior check from the front normally I don't show how I get out but I don't want to tell you the entry because one foot in is the exit in principle backwards but that's really and seriously I don't feel that old but that's a bit stupefying that get out especially if you lower the steering wheel a bit I'm here with the thigh when getting out don't come there is no sunshine here yes it is a 2 plus 2 Seat and you know Jan Gleitzmann Dangerous searcher of course I don't hesitate and will mine not quite the form beautiful body now try on to press the back seat for that I have to hang out the belt first and have here behind the headrest the little hook and can now put the seat over once ok the experiment is running one foot once here then I have to put it in very much bent the next behind that actually not so bad now I press my thigh apart and now would be interesting again interesting Tobi can you close the door once yes but that works but so I can actually here as similar as sitting yes I take the Bananas we have as power food again with you because that's kind of the monkey on the slyfstein here so I imagine that at least yes I can sit in here I don't have head freedom at all so I have to bow my head really I say 5 to 10 kilometers I would also drive along here so that I don't have to walk in the rain or so but fun is really different the seats are not even uncomfortable so I can't say that but there is of course also no headrests I think that's really here for little children thought or so we have at least iso fix the seat and the seat pads are also Stahl must look which one I take the good here now I'll pull it out too blue in the price with the terms yes good but I think so alone in children's seat here to bring must already quite exhausting and I am now 180 tall the driver is sitting on me set so not on Tobi I but already press it with my legs a little forward when I am now a child I think my feet would I would somehow get in here now but that's not nice either and I then I always step in the driver somehow here when I put it back again you can see that maybe better here is another one fabric reference here is also a small net on the storage area that I had already explained here we have another one up here hook yes but otherwise so you you don't see anything here and I I've shown it to you now but as I said, fun is really different for two minutes 5 minutes ten minutes but afterwards I want to and what we have already shown at the front that getting out of back when I'm not dead during the search and yes, just children, just before it goes to the trunk room check I'll show you as always the key and before I show you the key in detail I would like to say here too we come this green thumb through the eco and then we have the key here and here we have the key here and here we have the key the key looks like made of plastic there is also 30 percent fiberglass but the rest is won from ricinus seeds so organic polymer quasi won from ricinus seeds again a little mixed with 30 percent fiberglass and now you can make such a chic key out of it yes on the one hand quite simply not to be seen on the other side the bmw logo to lock over it a key to the end lock a button around the key yes on the other hand quite simply not to be seen on the other side the bmw logo to lock the trunk to open and then a row from which I personally have no I have no idea what she's doing and I'm also too lazy to look at it well I can either lock the trunk either unlock the door with a button either unlock the door with a button but now I press the key here to open the but now I press the key here to open the and when this flap opens then you think you're first nice luggage compartment but we already know from before that here the half over the half of the motor is taken in I have a small one here I can fold the visor forward and therefore see into the trunk compartment that is by the way the charging station when I want it to charge the plug to charge it again now I have to record-breaking 97 cm raise to overcome the charging edge and then it goes record-breaking again 38 cm down what the trunk here is actually a joke so 38 cm deep at the widest we have 77 cm at the widest point at the narrowest point rather 40 cm and from the depth it's good 4 33 cm it will probably fit in with a trolley with a we didn't take it with us we really took the smallest luggage to turn here, our role is not to be thought of yes if you look at the equipment then again that was the trunk is here then we have a led as lighting a small led and on the left side is a compartment there I see the tire kit and also the first aid kit so a bandage bag and in principle that was it already given is this storage compartment here with 154 liters you can charge a total of 370 kg I have no idea how much it is for the roof and I'm pretty sure that you can't pull trailers so let's get to the driving impression is a bit late now it gets dark then we have to work with artificial light but I don't think you do anything yes first of all generally has the bmw i8 three driving modes that you can choose that is once eco pro once comfort and sport where I between eco pro and comfort here via the driver experience switch can change if I go into sport then I have to the gear lever to live press left over and then sport active that expresses itself then also in the cockpit that will then accordingly red before it is just blue I was 47 km h and thus fully electric up to 65 km h can be first of all generally fully drive electrically and then then the burner turns on within closed township there it just doesn't work so let's slide here further there is still a i3 button below the start button if I press that, it will start then I force it almost fully electric driving and that goes up to 120 km h always keep in mind electrically means of course front-wheel drive not rear-wheel drive not all-wheel drive but when I am on the road electrically up to 37 km should be possible however, then not if you drive 120 electric there it is possible now the place doesn't even stop maybe I'll start the steering wheel could be for me at least in Sport a little more direct so I keep coming back to that is a gentleman sports car there is not you never drive on the last bend but it is somehow a bit more comfortable than just Sport so now closed township picked up 60 Zack and there comes the burner in the burner is a three-cylinder that you hear also quite nice but it is also a bit faked here what the boys from BMW do they have a built-in sub-acoustic a small speaker below the rear seat bench and gives us a bit more sound than we would otherwise hear that so this sound I think but super so it is so really rolling around and it doesn't sound like a V8 of course only three cylinders but for the fact that it is only three cylinders, it throws something really out or acoustically comes there in any case a whole lot and if you are in the street and you are in the street then it is already automatically always switched on the burner then it is also a really nice noise it is jumped I drive moment in comfort mode that is also quite nice that makes fun too comfortable there is also normal from the chassis is also an adaptive chassis very moderately more comfortable set up when I now the gear lever overpress in Sport then the chassis is also the same a bit harder set up yes I had now so much we are not driven I admit we are now good 200 km with the car I never had the need really with the shift swipes to work I came on purpose once would also be really loud if you are a bit of a limiter then throws the back nice sound but otherwise the shift is really completely inconspicuous just like we want to have switches back nicely if you want and even if I then operate the shift swipes then he really switches 123 through so quasi with the command on the fingers that also runs accordingly now I go out again out of sport because that the street is not quite so beautiful I don't want to fly through the area yes the steering wheel I said could be for me a bit more direct so in comfort is the completely okay but in sport even if it hardens a bit quite nice if they just then a bit more crisp a bit more would be direct the brakes can't say anything the brakes stop have no problem at all with the weight of the car bite also crisp and it's just always a good feeling you know when I brake recuperated also that I find very good yes the chassis is just like I said in sport clearly stiffer than in comfort although even in comfort mode still a pretty tight tuned is at end of the day is the eight-year sports car and from so I think that's fine for consumption I say this time nothing at all for we drove too little and the 200 km we drove together have nothing to do with normal rule of thumb and I know you say you have the car two days can drive the area without end yes but if we turn we can't drive is already quite clear and even if so we are arrived yesterday but the car got around 10 11 or so then we are drove here to the location but 12 must be sorted was one there is one day already completely over otherwise pure that the general feeling in the car I think that's great so especially with the sound of the car I think it's great three-cylinder and you know you are in such a hybrid sports car I enjoy it so I really want from driving pretty much fun what I don't want to hide but I said that earlier once said the roundabout view here is a disaster so generally clearly is clearly different I don't think that's so nice what I like about driving here really in the dark now it's already clearly dark is the ambient light that gives you really normal so this feeling makes you aware I sit really in the car this bmw i8 and let it be here crash or also very calmly approach very briefly assistance systems the only thing I really see here is the traffic sign recognition that also works without problems then of course I still have the head up display if you want it as an assistance system somehow define I think it's great I would never drive without if you never buy a bmw without head up display because I think it's only pleasant always the information on the road in front of me to have I can really focus on the road much better there is no lane keeping assistant there is no dead angle warning everything not installed why always probably because it is a sports car save weight and so I don't need to say there is a speedometer but it is not adaptive to the infotainment system I actually have to say nothing big that's the big one from bmw the professional is very standard works also super great I like the map view I like how fast that is also zooms and how easy you are can enter the information I have a jogger with which I operate and on the jogger on it is again so sensitive area so that I can also letters directly on this touchpad quasi I can enter that too pretty cool that you have a card system I can't judge at all 0 so maybe afterwards we bring the car right back there we might hear a bit music but I don't think so either because when I drive the car then in usually I switch to sports from time to time because I find the sound so great and then I don't want to hear music I can't tell you anything I think but you can hear yourself well blah blah blah yes well that was it come on more fine pressure is not available today we had it only one and a half days we are at the end of our review or I'll put it all together again and why should I be all the time standing around if I can't sit down so for me at least so we have the four rating criteria let's start with driving fun yes driving fun is there but I think the car is really interesting we have you already brought a little video to the i8 when I was driving on the insurance circuit at BMW was there I could drive m6 and bmw i8 I have a first driving impression I have already collected and found the car quite interesting I repeat again part of what I said the instructor said the bmw i8 is a gentleman sports car so it is not a car that you take with you on the race track because at some point the battery is all then you have the boost function no more and then it's already oil then it doesn't come out completely and push only the gasoline alone I mean we know too has 231 hp it's already limited the driving fun but with a little bit of power from the battery it's still fun and who is not here now on the last roll always around every corner has to push and define that as driving fun he definitely has a lot of fun with this car so at least I try also but toby always with the restriction forward the view is for larger people limited and even if you have money without end drive the in any case test if you are larger than 180 because it can be with the view forward is already a bit get tight or bad the fuel consumption so here the consumption we let out completely I told you a little bit earlier we are so little driving that I can't say anything reliable especially if we drove the tracks that we drove are so driven that they are nothing with back there are deer my god is that here nice here are vector we don't need to turn around so that we can't say anything about it comfort if you don't drive in sport the car is also quite comfortable I think the seats are good if you are not too big when you switch to sport then of course it gets pretty tight and especially if you try on a track through the sport mode the battery number a bit to charge then it's a bit annoying actually you just want to get from a to b and you think that I'll come there I charge the battery again a bit and then but of course sporty driving is then with the with the sport setting already possible so comfort but the car is comfortable you can you can say that too everyday use so yes it is a 2 plus 2 seat is not 4 seats a 2 plus 2 seats I think it would have been more honest you would have said it is a 2-seater and we have luggage compartment behind the seats again and then this little thing what bmw really cheekily calls the trunk but there you don't get even a beer box in maybe a 11-box such a small one so hello I bought a box but here no no beer box for no real one for you and your girlfriend so I don't see any everyday use not at all from driving yes so also with the battery and everything great but use and I think even if I were single with friends now would that be a good thing for me I would have to say that there is just too little space so yes you can then everything on the back seats but there you have also nice leather will also be scratch when I throw my trolley on it throw it on they are also still separated so you can't really do something load no everyday life is not out of the way we don't talk about it anymore yes what else do we have that's it we have driving fun comfort consumption we didn't talk yes that's it good too I think it's a car that's really cool so I don't know why bmw is not necessarily my brand but the thing is somehow that's pretty rock'n'roll so already alone the look if you come to the car in the evening the setting so remote control press and it glitters so orange or blue depending on what you have set that's just you really come like captain future captain future a little bit that's it that's it that's it so it's already cool and yes I like the stop so I also find this concept the hybrid drive class everything good I think it's cool come on let's finish what do you mean come on let's do it know you have questions first please and in the comments you have a opinion about the car please also below in the comments let's discuss a bit about the car I'm really curious what you say if you liked the video again gives us a thumbs up there we are happy that motivates us and we are we are happy that motivates us and we are if you really liked it yes you are die hard from tv fans probably then share it like facebook twitter or google plus if you like it, share it with facebook twitter or google plus optionally still in your private youtube playlists that helps us a to get a little bigger just as you should not have done it please tell mama papa the siblings and all your friends colleagues relatives and familiar people from us we want like to reach more viewers we want to reach more viewers and especially for people who buy a car you should on our channel push or yes at the very least we are financially want to support can do that meanwhile also over the two services patrion and tippy everything below also in the description text of this videos to find that's it, come on, I'll say goodbye then your jan yes and then and then yes and yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh