 You know, one of the most frequently asked questions we get is, when can I actually get a car that will drive itself? Well, as we've learned here at the New York Auto Show, the answer might be as soon as this fall. This baby is the 2018 Cadillac CT6, and you can get a driver assistance package, which includes what Cadillac calls its Super Cruise technology. There's a lot of really interesting stuff going on here, in addition to it just being a beautiful car. So we spoke to Barry Walkup, the chief engineer of Super Cruise, to find out how all of this stuff works. There's a lot of approaches to autonomous, and ours is one is a first hands-free driving experience. So we're actually allowing the driver to remove their hands from the wheel and the car to drive itself down the interstate. We have three main enablers that make that happen. First is we've incorporated into the steering wheel a light bar that instantaneously tells the driver whether the car is driving with a solid green light, or if it needs help and the driver needs to take over control, which would be a flashing red light. So it's really intuitive, it's really elegant, it really functions well. The second piece of that is what we call the driver attention system, which is an infrared camera that tracks the head position to make sure that the driver is looking back at the road periodically. So we don't request that you tap the wheel or put a torque input in. If you look away for a period of time, the light bar will begin to flash to remind you, hey, you need to look back at the road so you don't have to stop what you're doing. You just look back at the road, the system resets itself, and you can resume your task. Third piece of that is an industry first, which is a LIDAR-based map. So LIDAR is laser radar. And so what we've done is we've mapped 160,000 miles of interstate highway in the US and Canada, and that's given us a higher degree of accuracy as to the road itself, the curvature of the road, the lines, et cetera. And we use that as an extra layer of safety in the sensing of the car, because with the map we can see beyond the radar and beyond the camera. So that's one of the things that we've done that's really helped us to make the car look more like a car in which traditional systems use. It'll be a while yet before you can get a car with an honest-to-God LIDAR sensor spinning around on the roof of your vehicle. But until then, this LIDAR-based map solution seems like one of the most elegant I've certainly heard of. This has been the Cadillac CT6. I'm Chris Blazkow with Engadget, and stay tuned for more from the New York Auto Show.