 Welcome to Mazda Electric Vehicle Charging. The wide array of charging options and Mazda-specific features makes charging a convenient and efficient part of your daily routine. The first step is to become acquainted with the three vehicle charging levels, beginning with Level 1. A portable Level 1 charging cable is included with your Mazda Electric Vehicle. Because it uses a standard 120-volt AC wall outlet typical of everyday homes, you're free to plug in wherever a 120-volt outlet is available. On the opposite end of your Level 1 charging cable is the SAE J1772 connector that matches the vehicle's charging port. A white, indicator light will signal that your vehicle is charging once plugged in. Inside the vehicle, the instrument cluster will display the charge status, expected range, and time remaining before a full charge is reached. When the vehicle is finished charging, the charging port's indicator light will turn green. By default, the connector will lock to the port once the vehicle is locked. Unlock your vehicle to remove the connector. You can change the connector lock settings via the settings options on your Mazda Connect screen in the vehicle. Select EV Settings and then follow the prompts for Charge Connector Lock Options. With a Level 1 charger, your Mazda MX-30 electric vehicle will charge to 80% in approximately 13 hours and 40 minutes, and your Mazda Plug-in Hybrid will charge from 0% to 100% in approximately 11 hours. Level 1 charging cables offer the versatility of charging at home or away from home, but the most frequently recommended charging method for everyday use is the more powerful Level 2 charger. Level 2 charging has many similarities to Level 1. Each uses an alternating current, or AC, that is common in homes and commercial buildings. Additionally, Level 2 utilizes the same type of charging connector, the J1772. However, Level 2 chargers utilize a 240-volt outlet, similar to an electric laundry dryer. With Level 2, your Mazda electric vehicle will charge at a much faster rate than Level 1. With a Level 2 charger, your Mazda MX-30 electric vehicle will charge to 80% in approximately 2 hours and 50 minutes, and your Mazda Plug-in Hybrid will charge to 100% in approximately 2.5 hours. DC Fast Charging, sometimes referred to as Level 3, delivers direct current, or DC, to the battery to drastically reduce charging time. In fact, DC Fast Charging makes it possible to reach an 80% charge in your MX-30 in approximately 36 minutes. This form of charging uses a combined charging system, or CCS connector, that feeds the DC Fast Charging system to the battery. The DC Fast Charging connector is a single-type DC fast charging connector that is connected to the battery by a single-type DC fast charging. The DC Fast Charging connector features two additional sockets on the J1772 connector. It is important to note that your Mazda Plug-in Hybrid cannot be charged with Level 3 DC Fast Charging. For MX-30, please also keep in mind DC Fast Charging is not available for home installation and is used for charging quickly on extended drives. While your Mazda Plug-in Hybrid cannot be charged with a Level 3 DC Fast Charger, it offers an option to maintain your battery while driving with the Charge Mode button. To receive an optimal battery charge, you should use an external charging source. However, to maintain your charge level while driving, you can also activate Charge Mode via the button located near the shifter knob. Charge Mode will optimize vehicle energy management while driving and allow the gas system to be charged while driving. The charge mode will also allow the gas engine to charge the battery to a preset target charge amount. This is best used when you want to save your battery charge in order to drive in EV mode at select points within your route. Note that when the vehicle is driven while in Charge Mode, the engine operates to generate electricity, and fuel consumption may increase compared to when driving the vehicle in a mode other than Charge Mode. While many electrified vehicle owners opt to do most of their charging at home, with either a Level 1 or professionally installed Level 2 charging unit, public charging stations are widely available for charging away from home. Adding the peace of mind that comes with being able to replenish your battery charge whenever needed. The MyMazda app can help you locate charging stations nearby, or map out available stations and their charging stations for you. It includes a traditional charging station, and the charging station is also a power station. A multi-function battery charging station can also become an charging types for extended journeys. Use the My Mazda app to sort public charging stations by level two and DC fast charging stations, so you can easily find the right station for your Mazda electrified vehicle. To use most public charging stations, first register with the charging provider's app. Once you're ready to plug in, your charging provider account will allow you to use the public station. For this charging station, tapping a phone with the charging provider's app or a provider card prompts the system to authorize the account. If you do not have an account, pay-as-you-go options are available. When authorization is complete, you are free to plug in. Starting in spring 2023, you can connect to and pay for charging at ChargePoint charging stations directly from the My Mazda app. If you choose to charge your Mazda plug-in hybrid at a public charging station, it is important to know that public chargers are available for both level two and level three DC fast charging. However, your plug-in hybrid cannot be charged by a level three DC fast charging station. Mazda Connect includes features to enhance your charging experience and prolong the life of your high voltage battery. To schedule a defined charging time, you can use the charging time in your Mazda. To set up a charging time in your Mazda, access the settings menu and proceed to EV settings. Open charging schedule to select your desired time. As long as the Mazda is properly plugged in, charging will begin without additional input. This convenient feature can also be utilized to take advantage of off-peak usage hours set by your electricity provider. Regularly charging an electric vehicle battery to 100% will decrease the health of the battery over time and should only be used occasionally. To maximize battery life, it is important to set a predetermined state of charge by selecting charge limit for AC charging in the EV settings menu or the corresponding DC option for DC fast charging if you are driving a full EV. This feature determines the battery capacity your vehicle will have if you are driving a full EV. This feature determines the battery capacity your vehicle will have before automatically ending the charge. For Mazda vehicles, it is recommended that the maximum state of charge be set to 90% for full EVs and 100% for plug-in hybrid vehicles. For EVs, the maximum state of charge is set to 90% Because extremes in temperature can impact the performance of the vehicle's battery, charging indoors when possible will allow for a more controlled charging environment during hot or cold weather. during hot or cold weather. Preheating or cooling the vehicle while charging will also make the most of your vehicle's electric range. Now you've seen a variety of charging options and Mazda-specific features that make charging a convenient and efficient part of your daily routine. The tools available to Mazda owners elevate your charging experience and free you up to spend more time doing what you enjoy taking to the road. For complete details, consult your vehicle's Owner's Manual in the Owner's section of MazdaUSA.com or directly in the My Mazda app. Thanks for watching.