 Hello, my name is Anne Marie and thanks for checking out the all-new Bolt EUV. It's the bold and brilliant electric utility vehicle with serious presence and an EPA-estimated range of 247 miles on a full charge. With SUV-like proportions and smooth, quick acceleration, the Bolt EUV screams fun to drive. The Bolt EUV has its own character. It shares no sheet metal with the Bolt EV and it's 6 inches longer. Bolt EUV starts with a wide, planted stance that builds into a contemporary, muscular design with a forward-leaning appearance. It's available in two trims, the LT or the Premier, shown here in silver flare metallic. Standard LED headlights and distinctive high-eye daytime running lamps double as sequential turn signals. A striking, athletic profile rides on standard 17-inch wheels with a machine-face finish. And around back, step-down spoilers add to the sporty appearance. At the heart of the Bolt EUV is the proven technology from Bolt EV, a 65-plus kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery that powers a 200-horsepower all-electric motor delivering 266 pound-feet of torque. So Bolt EUV can hit 0-60 in about 7 seconds. The battery pack is placed low below the floor, creating a low center of gravity, so this utility feels extremely nimble and dynamic. Inside, there's a flat-bottom steering wheel with a regen on-demand paddle. The seats are very comfortable with an upscale look and feel, featuring triangular, geometric patterns and contrast color stitching. The second row has over 39 inches of rear legroom to stretch out. Plus the rear seats are 60-40 split folding for extra versatility. And everyone will enjoy the available panoramic sunroof. For the driver, Bolt EUV has a low-profile electronic gear shifter that's more intuitive, using push buttons and toggles. It also features a one-pedal driving button that keeps the system active between drives. Inside the Bolt EUV has a unique Sport mode, which increases accelerator response and enhances steering feel for a more engaging experience. The 10.2-inch diagonal color touchscreen features updated infotainment and tons of real-time vehicle info, like power flow and battery levels. It also features standard wireless Apple CarPlay and wireless Android Auto for a cord-free experience. An available embedded network. The embedded navigation system is also a first for the Bolt family. Oh, and available Alexa capability is also on board. If that's not enough tech for you, the Bolt EUV is the first Chevy with the available Super Cruise driver assistance feature for compatible roads, providing the ease of hands-free driving to help reduce fatigue on more than 200,000 miles of mapped, divided highways and roads in the US and Canada. If you need an additional depends, the Bolt EUV C-Pre reviews great talking Out retrouve theend the channel to for more infotainment features in the bolt service. diameter dashλ quick Dios fast k 120 volt kho and convenient charging without the need to buy a separate charging unit. Your safety is also our priority, so Bolt EUV has standard Chevy Safety Assist, a suite of advanced safety technologies and driver assistance features including automatic emergency braking. Plus, the Premier trim offers additional standard features like adaptive cruise control. Even ownership is made easy, with an 8-year, 100,000-mile limited warranty for your battery and there's also less maintenance. Thanks for checking out the all-new Bolt EUV. It's so much fun to drive, you won't know what you're missing until you drive one into your own driveway. My name is Anne-Marie and if you'd like more info, schedule a live appointment with us at chevymyway.com.