 Hi everyone, welcome to GreenMonkTV. I'm at SAP headquarters today and I'm talking to Brian Patno of Koda Automotive. Brian, you've got a half a car and a full prototype. Tell me a little bit about Koda Automotive and your half car. Great, I'd love to. Well, Koda is an all-American, all-electric car company. We're based in Santa Monica, California and we're very excited to be here to be showing this car. This car was just shown at the LA Auto Show and we will have this at the Consumer Electronics Show. We'll be in the GE booth and we'll also be showing this soon at NASA at the Kennedy Space Center. So we have a lot of movement, a lot of high level of interest. What makes our car unique and different? It's all about the battery. We have a 34 kilowatt battery, lithium ion, which is 40% larger than our competition, for instance the Leaf. And we also charge twice as fast. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. We have a 6.6 kilowatt charging station, onboard charging station, onboard charger. So it's very fast and you can charge this car from zero to 100% state of charge in less than six hours, just under six hours. What also makes us very unique is that we have an active thermal management system. And the reason why that's important is because batteries are like people. We like to be kept at a certain temperature. And so if a battery gets too cold or gets too hot, it loses some of its power. Yeah. Yeah. And so if a battery dies and it's a little baby in the data factory, so that's a great thing. There are some things that you can refrigerate the batteries in. Allow the battery to Craig through this. Yeah, that's right. Then we just stretch it and load it straight into one of the bars, put it into one of the capacitors. And so you can see the temperature, it's warm enough when you put it in. You get around 50% of your الك crappy. Yep, it's not, it's almost poverty. And the boy condition of water is really, really, really proof that we run at 80 miles per hour. Yeah, yeah. There's a suspected. of statistics out there, but more than half live and drive within 40 miles of work. And so what we envision is that people will charge at home, and then they'll drive to the office, and they'll have a level two charger there, and they can charge as well. You can also charge as well with an opportunity charger. You can plug it into the wall, a standard wall socket, and that's it. The car will be available for delivery to consumers in the early part of the second half of next year, so I think the June-July timeframe-ish. And we're excited to be bringing this car to market. Right now, it's about 40% U.S. content, which is very exciting. All Tier 1 suppliers, BorgWarner, Delphi, Lear, UQM, very, very top Tier 1 companies that are supplying components for us. And like in today's market, all cars are globally sourced, and all cars are part of a global collaboration where they're all... Yeah. You know, they're sourced from all over the world. The other thing I'd like to tell you is that we've applied for a deal with Grant, and we're very excited. We're waiting by the phone. If we get permission to move forward, we'll be putting a battery facility in Columbus, Ohio. So we'll actually be building this battery in Columbus. And if that happens, then this car will be, you know, 85%, 90% U.S. content. Okay. And how much? This car has an MSRP of $44,885. After rebates in California... You've got your federal tax incentive. You've got your $5,000 California state incentive. So you can take $12,500 off the price, if you will, of the car. And the operating cost on this car is about two cents a mile. That's because it's running on electricity, and I assume also things like you don't have oil changes. That's correct. It has about one-seventh of the moving parts of a normal internal combustion engine. So you've got a big motor. You've got an inverter. You've got some components. But you don't have the normal types of components on a normal ICE. Think of fan belts, alternators, compressors, you know, that type of thing. Okay. Super. Brian, thanks so much for telling us about Koda. Great. Thank you.