 The Hyundai Sonata isn't just another car, it's a better car. And to show you how, we've invited a Toyota Camry owner to come and take it for a test drive to see for himself how the Sonata makes every mile better. But what he doesn't know is that after the test drive, he'll have a chance to win a cash prize by answering specific questions about features and specifications of the Sonata that I'll reveal over the course of the day. So listen closely, or you might just miss something. Let's meet Corey. Hi, my name is Corey. I'm from Boston, Massachusetts. I own a Toyota Camry. They brought me in today to check out the new Hyundai Sonata. I'm not really sure what to expect, but I can't wait to see it. Hey man, how you doing? Good, how are you? Great. Here's the car. What do you think? Wow. Amazing. Look at the color, the grille, the lights. What you're looking at is the brand new 2018 Hyundai Sonata Limited 2-liter turbo with 245 horsepower and an 8-speed automatic transmission. The Sonata features enhanced vehicle dynamics, technology, and advanced safety features. Plus, the base level Sonata starts at just $22,050. Want to drive it? Of course. Well, we've got a surprise for you. Let's not take it for any drive. Let's take it to Buttonwheeler Raceway Park and really open it up. Want to do that? Yeah, let's do it. Alright, let's go. Alright. So you've had your first drive. You've had your first little bit on the track with the Hyundai Sonata. What are your first impressions? What do you think? I'm surprised, I have to say, because I can feel the car handling very well, even on the tight turns and the corners there. It's like a stable platform. Yeah. Gripping the road. There's three engine options in the 2018 Hyundai Sonata. A 1.6-liter turbo, a 2-liter turbo, and a 2.4-liter motor. This is the 2-liter turbo. It has 245 horsepower, 260 pound-feet of torque. And that's what's digging you out of the corner right now. Plus, with this 2-liter turbo version of the Sonata, it's going to be a lot more fun. Plus, with this 2-liter turbo version of the Sonata, you get to choose between four driving modes. Comfort, Eco, Sport, and Smart. I know that you are a very high-level football player yourself and very high-level athlete. You also got a business degree. Tell me about what you need in a car and how this car fits your personality. Well, first is comfort. I have to be comfortable when I'm driving. And secondly is the performance of the car. There are times when I just want to hit that throttle and go. And that, to me, is like, that's super important. You certainly need a car with a dual personality then, right? For sure. It has to be both comfortable and fast and sporty for you. For sure. For sure. You ready to open this thing up and really see what it'll do? I'm excited. Let's do it. Hit it. Go, go. Wow. When you first came into the studio, you saw the car. You said it looked sporty. It looked fast. It looked aggressive. Did it deliver on that promise when you brought it to the racing track? Absolutely. The first thing you notice, first off the bat, was the grille. It just gives you that sporty look. And in terms of the performance of the Sonata, it matches the exterior. Delivers on its promise. It delivers on its promise. It's unmatched. Awesome. So now I'm going to give you the chance to win up to $500 in cash prizes by answering specific questions about the performance features of the 2018 Hyundai Sonata. Ready for this? Let's do it. All right. First up, this is the 2-liter turbo version of the Hyundai Sonata. How much horsepower does this car have? 245? 245 horsepower is correct. Wow. First question, first $100. Cha-ching. All right. Second question, related question. In pounds feet, how much torque does the 2-liter turbo version of the Hyundai Sonata have? 206? No, 206. 260? T. Oh, yeah. You got it right there. That's a good shot, man. All right. Next question. The 2018 Hyundai Sonata comes with three different options in terms of drive configuration and engine displacement, the size of the engine. In liters. Oh, okay. What's the size of those three different engines? 2.0. 2.0 liters. You got one. That's one of three. It's either 1.4 or 1.8. Oh, tough one. You missed the 1.6 liter. Okay. And the 2.4 liter. I'm going to give you a third of that one, though. You're going to get $33 for that for the two-liter. Okay, fair enough. Next question. What's the price of the base level Hyundai Sonata? $22,512. $22,512? $22,050. Okay, I got one more, and I think you're going to get this one. I think you're going to knock this one out of the park, right? The two-liter turbo version of the Hyundai Sonata has four drive modes. Name them for me. Comfort, Sport, Eco, and Smart. Boom. All four. Got those right. That's a whole hundred bucks right there. There we go. I have a bonus question on my sleeve. I'm just going to throw one at you. Okay, here we go. All right. Fill in the blank. Hyundai has America's best- Warranty. Oh, my God. You didn't even finish it. That's all right. That's what I'm talking about. All right. That's $433, and I put it- Yes. Good job, man. That was good. Thank you. You did a great job at the track. Had a good day? I had an amazing time. I had no idea what to expect today on the track, but I could absolutely see the difference between the new Hyundai Sonata and my Toyota Camry. It's a lot more fun to drive, and it was just a great experience all around. The 2018 Hyundai Sonata, our best Sonata ever. That's what made me feel right, and that was a great Uncredited Drive. I still have a few big Blackpink commemorations from this last exciting new Boss. I'm not sure if we have them or not. So anyway, happy holidays everyone. Later, guys. Talk at you soon. See you later. Bye! SPEAKER ONE