 This is Lucid Air. And this is DreamDrive, our ultra-intuitive advanced driver assistance system. Think of DreamDrive as your invisible co-pilot. DreamDrive Pro, the most comprehensive version of DreamDrive, has over 30 features that enhance your driving experience, with many more coming soon. The first thing you'll notice about DreamDrive is that you'll hardly notice it at all. It's so smooth and sleek that the learning curve to unlock its incredible features is virtually non-existent. Thanks to its serious camera switch, it's easy to use the camera to take a picture, and it's easy to use the camera to take a picture. And the most important thing about the DreamDrive Pro is that you'll be able to watch the entire picture with only one eye. Surround View Monitoring offers a full 360-degree view of your car, giving you eyes on all sides. It has an impressive 32 sensors, all seamlessly integrated into the design that see things the human eye cannot, and with a fully comprehensive vision package, short and long-range radars, an array of ultrasonic sensors, and state-of-the-art LiDAR technology. Another key factor in this fruitless suite of technologies throughout the years is DreamDrive's apt estava to mark the TVanch dwelling. This new said, an SNS container that's tensed to 10x quite like the original heavy metal computer tablet used by לפ threads as the form of它 device, not Zomb 2006 has 1995 for now put out. And the co- KELLIZE's 18 millionally-used Netflix TV sensor tools cost only $ compromising $ hablar unчит видed. rest of the sensor suite working together, DreamDrive is among the most advanced ADAS systems when it comes to object detection, display accuracy, and safety. All of this technology enables highway driving features designed to help keep you safe while making Lucid Air even more delightful to drive. Highway Assist helps you maintain optimal positioning on the freeway. Lane Centering Control specifically takes care of your in-lane positioning, while Adaptive Cruise Control helps you effortlessly maintain a consistent and safe distance from the vehicle in front of you. And with Driver Monitoring, DreamDrive can identify and alert you when your eyes are off the road. It will even suggest the closest rest stop should you need to recharge or grab a quick cup of coffee. DreamDrive's HMI, or Human Machined Interface, elevates the highway driving experience. At all times, you'll know exactly which driving mode you're in. It's clear and natural HMI utilization is a key factor in driving the best of your driving experience. It's clear and natural HMI utilization is a key factor in driving the best of your driving experience. It's clear and natural HMI utilization is a key factor in driving the best of your driving experience. DreamDrive also uses Surreal Sound, Lucid Air's fully immersive 21-speaker system, to deliver clear directional alerts. This enhances safety features like front and rear cross-traffic protection and autonomous emergency braking. And when it comes to connectivity, our Ethernet Ring, the connection of the four gateways at each corner of the car, provides in-car communication at gigabit speed and unprecedented redundancy for key systems such as steering, brakes, sensors, power, and more. The Ethernet Ring is integral to readying Lucid Air for more advanced driving features in the future. When it's time to park, DreamDrive steps up. Autonomous Park-In identifies parallel and perpendicular parking spots. Autonomous Park-In identifies parallel and perpendicular parking spots. Autonomous Park-In identifies parallel and perpendicular parking spots. Autonomous Park-In identifies parallel and perpendicular parking spots. And provides full control as it enters or exits a spot. It selects your gears, steers, accelerates, and decelerates. Using Park Distance Warning, DreamDrive can show you the actual distances from detected objects. They're beautifully displayed on your screen to remove all guesswork. So no matter how crammed, tight, or crowded the parking situation, DreamDrive makes it happen. From day one, DreamDrive Pro is prepared for what's to come. This means your Lucid Air is hardware ready for the future of driving. Soon, enhancements to Highway Assist like Lane Change Assist will be available. And eventually, Highway Pilot with hands-off, eyes-off automated driving, plus remote control features like automated Park Pilot will be available too. Once these capabilities are ready, you'll get them with a simple over-the-air update. These updates deliver the latest advancements automatically to your vehicle, keeping your car on the cutting edge. No new hardware required. To truly understand the power of DreamDrive, you have to experience it for yourself. As the smoothest, most intuitive, and most stunningly beautiful ADAS system out there, it's only fitting to call it DreamDrive. To complement your dream car. Just start DreamDrive, the world's fastest driving and car appreciation! AndТonight, get your DreamDrive downloaded to your football, no matter what your car looks like! Today, we'll get you started on a B-走 عند And insult is a hom govern р lista на кам iyi ном siete, The first UK car that was even recommended in 2019. Obviously Story Back on an ADAS system, sharing some of the features has become disgraceful. Yet again, that's absolutely the palm of your hand to DreamDrive.