 There is simply nothing more comfortable than road tripping in an S-Class sedan. Aside from the immediate driving comfort you feel in the new S-Class, there's groundbreaking innovations hidden inside the car. Check this out. Now, we are driving in the long version of the new flagship, and while that comes with extra space for comfort, you would expect it to come with a disadvantage in terms of handling. Thanks to rear axle steering, however, it feels almost like a compact car, giving you a turning circle up to two meters smaller than before. I could do this forever. Just kidding. Just kidding. In real life, this opposite steering angle comes in handy when parking. When we reach 60 kilometers per hour, the rear wheels steer into the same direction as the front wheels, increasing your driving stability and handling safety. The S-Class is available with a new range of powerful and efficient petrol and diesel engines, including a plug-in hybrid option. Well, today we are also going to be checking out the S-Class S-Class. This image is not quite the usual pillowfish-and-kiss-car as we normally see a one-row McLaren S-Class. Speaking of bringing the engine power to the road, every S-Class has the 9G Tronic transmission as standard state. This however don't get to boring for está bunch. The weaknesses of the leg and the gas well are getting under my finger here because of the Velcro here. This model seems to be engine log dreamed up through the price tag. But as the S-Class Also is equipped with the S-Class, some ط talent can be found in the мне, and aль Billie Beuth is able to relate it well to his easy comfort and to work really well on the e-bar. Now watch and see. Know better? Don't forget wear it! Okay, I didn't just shut my mouth for a while because I'm lazy. I wanted you to notice the quietness in the interior. It is almost silent inside. Maybe you're gonna ask, what did they do to the car that others don't? Well the secret is a bit more advanced than my hardware store DIY knowledge. But basically they fill the rod chassis with special acoustic foams that kill most of the noise and vibrations. If you want to use that on your noisy neighbors, please don't quote me or the guys from Mercedes, okay?