 The American Pronunciation Guide Presents ''How to Pronounce C-D-8'' It starts serving our customers with world-class products, particularly global products. In recent years, consumers have responded enthusiastically to our Fiesta in the B segment, our Focus in the C segment, and our Ranger pickup. Now we turn our attention to the world's most competitive segment, the C-D midsize segment. Our new C-D platform, Fiesta, will serve customers with one million vehicles annually, with at least ten different models coming by the end of 2014. Among them is the new Ford Mondeo, which we will reveal in Europe later this year and engagement soon after. Here in North America, this vehicle will meet the Ford Fusion, which presents a new model of the Ford Mondeo, which is a real growth opportunity for us. One year of very exciting. Let's take a look together. This year, American consumers will buy 13 million vehicles. Two out of three of them will start shopping for either a midsize sedan or a small utility vehicle. Ultimately, they'll buy about 6 million cars, and nearly 30% of those will be midsize cars. The segment is large, and it delivers four out of five of the top-selling cars in America. Companies who want to make a name for themselves have roughly 2 million opportunities a year to get it right, and to win over a group of buyers who value reliability and affordability above all else. Two households named after dead years, each capturing 15, sometimes 20% of the market throughout the early 2000s, with peak volumes approaching the half-million mark. And then, something changed. Their sales volumes and market share leveled off in 2008. When the recession hit, they plummeted along with the rest of the market. We all remember that. But what we might not realize is that Camry and Accord never recovered. They saw further sales and share losses more than a year before the 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Camry's sales in 2010 dipped 31% in their 2007 PD. Accord's sales dropped 28% during the same period. And the slide has continued, even with triple-digit percentage increases in incentive spending. What struck you, Chris? Tougher competition for starters. The midsize sedan market has become the industry's most competitive battleground. Plus, midsize car buyers today expect more. Fuel economy has grown more important in the past several years. And now, these consumers say they're looking for products they can feel proud to own. 43% of customers who turn in a car and buy a midsize sedan say they just want something different. Reliable, affordable, and different. The car company that unlocks the formula for the midsize sedan market is Camry. But what if they were to change the midsize segment all over again? Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Ford Motor Company President of the Americas, Mark Fields. Good morning, everyone. You know, we really felt that time was right to change the way people think about midsize cars. And we started this journey back in 2006. With an all-new Fusion, aiming to win market share from popular Japanese midsize sedans. And even getting noticed in this segment was challenging. But the Fusion won fans early on for its top quality and great handling. Now, as the cornerstone vehicle in the Ford car show at the time, its profile and its sales really grew in 2009. When the Fusion Hybrid became the most fuel-efficient car. And that, coupled with its strong driving dynamics, helped Fusion win top honors. But the best part of the Fusion story, and why we continue to invest and innovate, is in the numbers that you don't see every day. For instance, Fusion, and especially its fuel economy leadership, has done more in recent history to boost favorable opinion of the Ford community. And that's because it's the most fuel-efficient car in the world. And that's because it's the most fuel-efficient car in the world. To boost favorable opinion of the Ford brand more than any other car in our lineup. It's also closing in on Camry and Accord for nameplate favorability. In addition to becoming Ford's top conquest vehicle, Fusion has continued to make gains both in market share and in sales. In fact, Fusion delivered its best ever sales year in 2011. Selling more than $200 million. 148,000 models. Fuel economy, high quality, great driving experience, all key drivers for success in the mid-size market. And for many customers, the real game changer is value. Fusion residual values have increased 35% in three years, and now exceeding cameras by nearly $2,000. So, the new Fusion is starting from a position of strength, and really aiming to win even more customers looking for reliability, looking for quality, leading fuel economy, new technology, good value for money, and yes, something different. Something different that will change their expectations about mid-size sedans. And no one can tell that story. Better than the team that designed and engineered it. Let's hear what they have to say. We had a tremendous responsibility to do a great job for the next generation, to put Fusion in its rightful place as the leader in this segment. I think the world expected us to just improve on the Fusion we have today, but what we've done is take it much further. When we talk to consumers, it's very clear. They were looking for something a bit different. They need a car that will take them, and their staff, places, and the kids, and the members, and all that precious stuff. Well, they went together, and that's something else that's emotional design. We wanted to have a silhouette, so something that you can see from 100 feet, that would tell you there's new people. Detailing, stitching, steering wheel, even the cluster, you've got a combination of materials, that are done just right. Like putting the perfect jewelry or the outfit, you've just put the perfect amount of detail on the interior. We work very hard to bring maximum value to the customer, to bring the most features, the latest technology to Fusion. It's comfortable, the seats are comfortable, the driving position is great, and the car performs well. We took what was a great product already, a mind-blowing touch product, and we made it faster, better, and simpler to use. It is so awesome. The driving dynamics of the car make it feel like a much smaller car. As you start to drive, turn on the steering wheel, the whole thing reacts quickly, very precise. Lane departure warning is one of those things that you really need to experience while you're driving, so that you can actually feel the car give you a steer back into your lane. This is fantastic technology, at a very affordable price. It blows away the competition. Having an extra set of eyes to see the car, and to see the car, is a great thing. It's a great thing. It's going to help you stay in your lane, makes you a better driver. The look speaks for itself. You sit in it, you get a love fit and finish. You drive it, it's going to feel effortless, it's going to feel like a driver's car. When you look at the details of what the customer features, the powertrain, everything that it has to offer, they're going to absolutely floor it. It's just going to look incredibly great. Every time that you put your foot around the steering wheel or just at the swerve and pull the kinds of gears out of your way in the driving, you just feel the drive ... . So, never understood to have to own a car and not unlock the locked driving wheel, which are a total 265,000 uses! And it's a fantastic car. ERA- TESTING Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Ford Motor Company's Vice President of Motor Product Development, Derek Pizzi. This is a new Fusion, a car aimed at redefining the second. Customers expect inside cars to be fuel efficient, or affordable, or reliable, and occasionally stylish, but not usually all on one vehicle. New Fusion is designed to exceed customers' expectations by bringing together everything they like about inside cars with the technology and design they require. It introduces a new face of Ford with quality and craftsmanship customers will see and feel inside and out. It is comfortable, quiet, and fun to drive. There is one area of leadership we haven't mentioned yet, game-changing fuel efficiency. The new Fusion gives customers the power of choice through their broad selection of fuel-efficient powertrains in the midsize car segment. Fusion offers a choice of 2 EcoBoost engines a 2-Wheel EcoBoost providing customers with an efficient performance option with paddle shifters, larger wheels, and all-wheel drive and a 1.6-Liter EcoBoost delivering expectant, best-of-the-class, 4-cylinder fuel efficiency 37 miles per gallon on the highway with a 6-speed automatic transmission plus today we are introducing 2 more We have two liquid choices for our customers. A hybrid and a plug-in hybrid. Because the fuel economy is big and they're in size 7. And our customers want choices that meet their driving needs. Listen to what they're saying. Today, gas prices are high. I don't know if I'm down. I don't expect I can go high. I'm less likely to go on long trips. Now, I'm more likely to try to keep it local. The fuel economy used to not even factor into purchasing a car. But now, it is a very big consideration. Fuel economy will probably be one of the biggest side factors. Fuel economy will be the first step to get people buying a car. Gas prices continue to be high. It has really shifted the mindset of the customer to get into more fuel efficient cars. Yet, many customers don't want to go all the way down to a smaller vehicle. Different customers want different things. So, I think that's a big consideration. And there's also different affordability levels for the customers. And what we're doing is giving them that choice. Giving them the choice of driving a great fuel economy, a hybrid, fantastic fuel economy, or electric drive and hybrid in our future cars. They are going to get best in class technology, best in class efficiency, best in class fuel economy. And they compromise nothing. Just like a fan 92% turns on." So what's the Darling for the کی . . with all new Fusion Energy plug-in. Fuel efficient, stylish, fun to drive, reliable, great technology, and good value. This is what makes Fusion like no other car on the market. With that, I'd like to thank you for joining us today. I'd like to invite Bill, Mark, and the entire Fusion team to join me on stage. I'd be happy to answer all of your questions. Thank you. Thank you.