 Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Andy Palmer. Good evening, and thank you for joining us at the opening of the Infinity Center Piccadilly. On the day when Infinity makes its capital debut, adding London to a list of European cities that are now discovering Infinity's inspired performance based on Japanese craftsmanship and Omotonashi, Japanese world-renowned hospitality. At Paris, we test its potential in Europe with the unveiling of the first-ever of the IPL G Cabriolet concept, another example of reinventing traditional craftsmanship and combining it with performance-inspired modernity. I've persistently tested our other Paris debut, the M35 Hybrid. It's an example of how, through the way of Infinity and Japanese craftsmanship, we will apply the world's best technologies to reduce CO2 emissions without... without sacrificing driving pleasure or engagement. In 2013, Infinity will launch what could be the world's first luxury EV sedan, EV electric vehicle. It will be true to the Infinity brand promise of inspired performance, but with zero-carbon emission technology. Its design will also be true to Infinity, as this sketch, produced by Shiro Nakamura, our chief creative officer and his team here tonight, clearly shows. But that's the future. Back to this evening. Thank you for listening. Please enjoy the rest of your night and Infinity's capital debut. Thank you very much. Eat Our Life proud星 Red massifies in star tri puppets song activated broadcast's belly Österreich university Ultramariner Young and old national University кл Ugh Tata leave us the community alibaba It's gonna be great. anniversary for Infinity brand and this is sort of our showcase for future Infinity design. So this one is expressing design cue and design identity for coming Infinity model. In the premium segment, this type of car, large sedan is very, very important, very important for establishing credibility. It's still the heartland of the premium segment. They're competing against cars like Mercedes E-Class, BMW 5 Series, Jaguar XJ, that type of vehicle. So to have something that's credible in that segment is very, very important for the brand. And a choice of engines. Yeah, three. Initially 3.7 liter petrol as we have in our other cars, three liter V6 diesel from October, 550 Newton meters of torque. Very, very credible performer. Yeah. And then early next year, we'll also introduce this carbon hybrid. So a 3.5 liter hybrid system. So three different powertrains covering the complete market. And we're going to have a lot of cars in the next few years. Yeah. So that's the point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I think that's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.