 Technology. Ever wonder who's in command? In an Infiniti Q50 there's no question. You are in the driver's seat for a reason. Let technology empower you. Let the intelligent key tailor your environment to you, regardless of who last drove. Let the intelligent key tailor your environment to you, regardless of who last drove. In an Infiniti Q50 you have the heightened ability to sense beyond what you can see. With Blind Spot Intervention that helps you detect cars in your blind spot and steer you back into your lane. With Blind Spot Intervention that helps you detect cars in your blind spot and steer you back into your lane. Looking forward, with Predictive Forward Collision Warning you can predict the future. With Predictive Forward Collision Warning you can predict the future. A world's first technology, it is able to look two cars ahead and help you anticipate a collision in front of the car you're following. and help you anticipate a collision in front of the car you're following. and help you anticipate a collision in front of the car you're following. Technology in the Q50 is not just about avoiding. It is also about acting, faster than anyone imagined. With Infiniti's Direct Response Hybrid, it is possible to do all kinds of things. With Infiniti's Direct Response Hybrid, it is possible to do all kinds of things. With Infiniti's Direct Response Hybrid, it is possible to do all kinds of things. It is the most powerful hybrid in its segment. Yet you can cruise at highway speeds in pure electric mode. Your steering? It responds at electronic speed as well. Thanks to Direct Adaptive Steering, the world's first digital steering system, it feels like you can carve a perfect turn. Steer quicker and smoother than you ever thought possible. And experience the curve you've always wanted. It tracks lane markings and helps you steer straight down your lane effortlessly. What you drive should change the way you look at the world. And the Around View Monitor gives a new perspective on what's around you. Four cameras and one virtual 360-degree view elevates your parking expertise, while empowering you to move in new directions. Help you to enjoy the daily replay. Enjoy the behind the scenes views of a city, for a city smiling, for a city to experience its memories, for a city to begin a new looking city. Will我是 Mitsubishi cyclist I agree with her. I absolutely agree with her. At nucleare.com on YouTube. Check her Prime-Time Here تیم تیک