 Quality of life defines personal luxury. An artful blending of the contemporary and the traditional. Redefining what's important through a modern lens. Introducing the all-new C-Class from Mercedes-Benz. A new generation performance luxury sedan designed to lead the way forward. The C-Class has been thoroughly reimagined to exceed expectations and set new standards. Quality of life means seeing the best way forward given everything you know. The designers have embraced the very latest in technology, giving you enhanced levels of comfort and control. An interior designed to stimulate your senses. A place to recharge. To create. To imagine. When it's time to get moving, the C-Class comes alive. You'll appreciate its high performance and the way it's accomplished efficiently. Everywhere you drive, enhanced safety features help ensure you arrive safely. Quality of life is finding time for yourself. To be well-rounded. Inquisitive. Thoughtful. Good morning. How's it going? Awesome. I feel great. Looking beautiful. Thank you. Breakfast is served. Yes, it looks amazing. Look in. The essence of interior design is how you feel when you enhance it. When you approach the C-Class, you're drawn into the car. Once inside, everything feels right. As if somehow custom designed with just you in mind. Two onboard screens keep you connected to the C-Class with a wealth of information. In the driver display, the car's gauges are familiar and intuitive and include a host of important features. The infotainment center is your best bet. The C-Class is a great way to get to know your car. The interior design is how you feel when you inhabit a space. When you approach the C-Class, you're drawn into the car. The infotainment center is your personal control tower. The vertically mounted center screen has excellent visibility and the controls are thoughtfully designed. Perhaps the coolest feature of the new C-Class is the integrated Mercedes-Benz user experience with its voice-activated digital assistant. Hey Mercedes, navigate to 1609 Pomona. Please proceed to the highlighted route. While on the road, the innovative Dynamic Sliding system allows you to choose the perfect driving mode to suit your needs. You can be confident you're being energy efficient with the Eco Stop-Start technology. Utilizing the innovative 360 exterior camera system, parking is now simple and safe. One of the great joys of interior design is finding the perfect piece to enhance someone's quality of life. Hey Mercedes, text James. Please dictate your text. I have the Thomas' artwork. Meet me at the house in 15 minutes. The live traffic feature keeps you informed of potential delays, always steering you in the most efficient direction. Its To me, three- Technologies cheese. When it's time to unwind, listening your favourite music on the Burmester 3D surround sound system takes your driving experience to an even higher level. The 3D Evphabet advantages include basic thermostatic, and automatic assist reforms, an even higher level. The C-Class offers assistance features that can keep you informed should you become momentarily distracted. When it's time to head out on the town, your C-Class adjusts to match your mood and energy. The all new, forward thinking Mercedes-Benz C-Class. Modern luxury, modern design, and modern design. The Mercedes-Benz C-Class. Modern luxury for an enhanced quality of life.