 Hi, I'm Thiago Maia. I'm the Founder and Creative Director of Cookie Studio. We are a design and animation studio. Design for me is solving problems in a creative way and today I'm really excited to drive the BMW and also to have a conversation with the Magui 2CAT. Hey, hi Thiago. Hi, how are you? I'm fine. I'm still sitting in my office. I hear you're in the car. How are you? I'm good. I'm enjoying a drive. Cool. So what's going on? Yeah, I want to talk to you about leadership and just talking about how you lead your team running a company. It's quite an old school company and how you make sure you lead your team in more like a modern way and you know just make sure everyone is motivated on your team. Good question. I mean it's a big company and it also started with just three cars somewhere and now we grow over the years and we also hired so many people. I mean I think we doubled the amount of people and of course I think we have 120 designers right now and so my really daily business is how to keep the designers not losing their motivation to really be always on fire. You have to see there are so many individuals, there are people from each, we don't have a Brazilian but we have a Mexican, we have so many different nationalities and all these nationalities are really important to me. You have to feel these nationalities and cultural differences. You have to feel. You have to be, I think as a leader, you have to see and understand every individual character and then to see okay what is driving him. I mean you hire them because you want them to tell you what they think. It's not about us to tell them what to do and so it's a challenge but I think you grow with it and yeah, and somehow we have to motivate people with this. I mean how big is your team actually? We are eight people in London and we have a couple of people in Brazil now. We work a lot with freelancers but that is even make us a little bit more sometimes working with freelancers make a little bit more hard because you need to make them feel part of the company and understand the culture of the company. your goals as a leader as well when is your team you're working normally every day with them they they see you know it's more transparent where you want to take the company and how you want to lead and as you said I think is really important when we hire people is we hire because they good and as creatives we need to let they they fly we need to let they be creative but in the same time we need to lead them in the direction where the company going and I think for BMW pro is it's quite a lot harder because it's a big company then has you know all the history as well for us is as we are new companies a lot easier for me to pass them to the team yes true I mean you know I mean in my case and I mean every designer we are hiring they they they are dreaming of becoming a designer and they are dreaming of becoming a and they all love the brand and this is something you have to keep up because to create and to in this time where this market is so saturated yeah where people are overwhelmed with so many informations media and also a lot of different products our customers they are also very saturated and very demanding and I think also our designers they know this they reflect therefore it's also important to to always be creative and to be creative and to be creative and to be creative and to be creative and to be creative and to always have the new generations in your team that they come with the spirit and also with a completely new mindset because I believe that that social society will just transform from social climbers to social drivers and our designers they have the vision of the future and they already live exactly this way and this is step was so important to to keep them with the spirit of this kind of a future alive and this is not easy and I think there are different possibilities because as I told you that it takes so much time until it comes to production I think the the most motivating way is to keep to give designers or every employee a lot of responsibility they have to feel a sense in their work it can't be that they just fulfill okay yeah do this line from A to B no please if you are controlling them too much and of course they will they will ask themselves here but where if it's anyway so long until I see a result they have to feel everyday satisfaction and the fulfillment and I think this is just possible if you really let them do and say hey you are responsible for your part you're an expert and if they are responsible for it if they if they make a mistake or so you know they will just learn and grow if they do it by themselves you know if they do mistakes you ask them to do it is nobody for nobody helpful I think mistakes when as a leader three mistakes is a lot part of the you know the learning curve as well you can it's the same when we have kids we can't just tell them what to do and show them everything we need let they learn and learn with their own mistakes that that's make they stronger and I think is really important in a company as well exactly and especially then I mean you as a leader if they make mistakes you know you have to be by their side you have to stand and next to them and say yeah I trust you you know in your mistake it's also it was my choice that you make your mistakes you know it's like not that you make mistakes you know it's like not that you make mistakes you know it's not that you that you that you that you blame him for the mistake this is the most important thing because it's about loyalty and also trust in your people because if they will fail and and you you will blame this them for this of course next time they will think okay then I don't fail and then you lose again creativity you have to say no this is all good and this is also what I try in front of also my hierarchy if my designer they have done something and maybe it's not that successful as we believed yeah I will still say this is our decision to do it like this you know I would never say yeah I mean sorry I was not involved in this that was the designer so this is I think very important that you also in leading you support and stand behind your people yeah because otherwise it won't work it's about so much about trust every relationship relies on trust yeah I think trust is the fundamental but especially when we talk about creativity is something is so personal as well and we need to trust the people we hire and let they do the best work they can do and that's why we hire them yeah that's also one reason for example BMW is a big company but let's say culture is very important because you know BMW is also main shareholders as a family yeah so it's a it's a very different culture in BMW it's very specific so a lot of caring for every employee and therefore also if we hire people yeah we are really not looking just on their competence yeah of course we need this but so in my team I don't want not some crazy people it has to be that you you really look okay is he really in is he just looking for career or is he does he love BMW because he doesn't care or he doesn't mind that maybe it's a it's a tough pass you know through this whole production thing it has to be something somebody with a lot of passion it's like everybody in my team also me we are here because we love the brand and this is the only way how you can fight and go you know this last mile when it when it becomes uncomfortable and therefore I think it's also very important that also the leaders which I have in my team which are leading then another designers it's so important and fundamental that you see okay they have the right mindset the right leading culture because one part doesn't work in your team and it can ruin everything you know because this atmosphere and this working culture is so important yeah and I completely agree I think in my in my field we have a some some designers they like to call themselves like Rockstars and uh we we have a policy in the studio we tend to not having anyone that is Rockstar because it's not about one person it's about the team it's about the passion and how they see the same goal taking the company ahead and uh sometimes one person when they just focus on their self makes really hard you know to grow as a team and I think for us uh the design side and the creativity is is about sharing and uh and the passion and is the connection we have between each other and you know the exchanging of the the knowledge we have and when we have one person that is just focused on there even if it has the big passion it just it just doesn't carry the team in the same way as we wanna you know for for a small hour this is actually probably the most important part of leadership because this this caring yeah what you said it's the same thing in my team so you have also I have exterior designers interior designers color and trim designers but exterior design you know this is the sculpture they are really like yeah the superstars you know and this is somehow a little bit they behave different and this thing I said also if we if I want to trust in the people it's very important to understand that everybody has to be the best in his competence but has to be also very good in in sharing and caring you know this because the knowledge I mean if everybody is the best in his competence you want the best people but it's it doesn't worth anything when he keeps his competence just for himself and therefore I have a map you know which a guideline for my team which is like play hard care hard yeah so to say okay be the best in what you do but also take care for the targets of the company, also for the part of your, that you share and care that everybody, that you let people grow. And if you do it like this, because everybody, we are just here to make good products. And therefore also, I don't like also that, you know, when people are always saying, yeah, but it was my design. Yeah, and I say, hey, don't worry, you know, we are looking for the best result and everybody is inspiring one other. Yeah, this is so important, what you said. And I think this is something which changed, yeah, because in the past it was more about social climbing. But now we have much more people, the society, and we have to change. We can't just change our products. We have to change also our mindset in doing them. Yeah, I completely agree. Yeah, I think as leader of your team, I think is really important. You create that culture inside the company and where people feel they can share, they feel part of the team. In my industry, when we do commercial for TV or for products or for even cars like BMW, but we creating a product or a video for the company, for the brand, but in your case, it's even bigger because you need to make everyone feel part and the passion of, with the car, with the BMW, or you guys makes really hard to create that product and follow the brand, you know? But I think, Tiago, I think also I just watched on my, on the time and I have also to finish something else. I think you also on your right, where are you going to, to restaurant, I hope. No, just get in the airport. Okay, so it was great talking to you again. Always nice to hear you. And it was also very great topic. So hope to see you soon. Thank you, Tiago. Thank you. Have a good night. Yeah, bye.