 🎵 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the new motor show stand of Lexus. Its new look demonstrates our commitment to design and craftsmanship, but it also reflects a new era for Lexus. We see it as an inviting place where we can steer the senses of our guests. And here they will discover hints about our heritage, but they will also have clear indications about the bold direction Lexus is heading. They will discover elements which reflect our passions and our ambitions, but also a few items that have inspired our product designs. And I would like to take a small but iconic example. This is this Kiriko vase. It's a unique piece of Japanese craftsmanship that goes back to the early, 19th century, actually to the Edo period. It's uniquely cut and colored, and it did inspire the bespoke door inserts of our new flagship. You will hear more about that in a moment. As you might expect, our luxury lifestyle and brand passions do extend beyond this space. In January, we revealed our new luxury sport yacht concept in Miami. This unique project put our designers to the test. The sports yacht features Lexus' distinctive design cues and a Mark Levinson sound system. Thanks to its twin 5-liter V8 engines delivering 660 kilowatts, it can reach an impressive top speed of 43 knots, or 80 kilometers per hour. Lexus is also a partner in the biggest European movie production company, the V8. The V8 is the largest European movie production ever. Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, produced by Europa Corp. For this movie, the creative teams imagined a vehicle grounded in reality, but befitting the Valerian world set 700 years in the future, the Lexus Skyjet. So, experience amazing. Experience amazing is much more than our new tagline. It's our ambitious goal for all our activities. And we've brought a few amazing things here to Geneva. As nothing beats the excitement of motorsport, let me introduce this impressive carbon black car that stands here in front of you. It's the 2017 RCF GT3, which is making its debut here at the Geneva Motor Show. GT3 is probably the highest level of engagement in customer motorsport, and this is where we want to play a role in the coming year. And this RCF will race in the USA and in Japan in 2017. In Europe, last year, some prototypes have participated to VLN races at the Nürburgring, and we have even run this car, this very specific car, for the first time at the VLN 9 race in October. And guess what? It won the race. So, this was making Lexus the first Asian manufacturer to claim a victory in a VLN race at the Nürburgring. This year, we will participate to selected international GT Open races, and this is a very important step in our program. We want to bring Lexus to the top level in the world, and we want to bring Lexus to the top level in GT3 racing in Europe in the very near future. In addition to the positive reactions that we get from our recent lifestyle, and also motorsport activities, we see similar results coming from customers in our showrooms. 2016 has been for Lexus globally a year of a new record, with the sales of 677,000 vehicles. And this was our fifth consecutive year of growth. Here, in Europe, we remain among the fastest growing regions for Lexus, with 17% year-on-year growth, setting a new record last year with over 74,000 units. The launch of the new RX was a tremendous success. Our retail partners have nearly tripled their sales versus 2015. Now, the question is, what can you expect from Lexus in 2017? In 2017, we will bring two new exceptional vehicles to the market, and these two distinct Lexus models will feature the very best we have to offer. Brave design, exceptional performance credentials, and imaginative technologies. We revealed the LC last year, and it will reach the European showrooms this summer. And I have very good news to share with you. The LC will be very competitively priced. In Germany, for example, it will be offered from 99,200 euros. This year, we will also introduce the fifth generation of our flagship sedan, the LS. The LS is the model that, 28 years ago, launched our Lexus brand, and it triggered a revolution in the premium market at that time. And I personally believe that this fifth generation has all the ingredients to do it again. So the new LS had its debut at the Detroit Auto Show this January, and it featured the all-new twin-turbo V6 engine, coupled with a 10-speed automatic transmission, which is an industry first for the Lexus. And it's a very competitive car. The new LS is a very competitive car, and it's a very competitive car for the luxury market. The LS 500 brings the best of both worlds. It delivers a level of performance that you can find in V8 engine, while minimizing noise and fuel consumption. And today, today I'm very happy to introduce a second model of the new LS lineup. Ladies and gentlemen, the full hybrid LS 500h. It is most пер commemorable. You may be doing your Tourneurship for a while. Maybe higher to a shoot or two to beat a defined auror賽te speed marshmallow. And you don't realize it, but this car never had high井 Cyber 영상 채소 at all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And I wish you to enjoy the rest of the show. And as we close, I would like to invite Lexus International Executive Vice President, but also the future president of Lexus International, Mr. Yoshihiro Sawa, to join me on stage for a photo opportunity. So I wish you a great day, and see you at the show.