 Do you remember when life was simple? When you felt free to be you? And you shared that freedom. Do you remember when the journey was the adventure? Unbound by convention. Do you remember how amazing it made you feel? Winning, brooding, seeing the world with your daily eyes, silent theater, hybrid game, welcoming adventure.계축제 맛 survived sandwiches! VOICES COEE voices! houses are shitty translation! tears rain that was good. Z concord ! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. That's the new Nissan LEAF. Simply amazing. We would like to ask the representative, director and CEO of Nissan Motor Corporation, Mr. Saekawa, to come up. to the stage please welcome the president and chief executive officer Nissan Motor Corporation Limited Hiroto Saekawa ladies and gentlemen good morning thank you for coming to the world premiere of the new Nissan Leaf I am proud that the new Nissan Leaf will be unveiled today here in Japan and will be soon expanded to markets globally we are delighted to have the members of the press and the representatives of our dealers in Japan with us today this afternoon a separate event involving a larger number of dealers will be organized here in this hall I would also like to inform you that this event is broadcasted to our dealers and the press in the United States via live-streaming it is my honor to officially announce the launch of Nissan Leaf I am proud to be the first in the world to have the opportunity to announce the launch of the new Nissan Leaf in Japan with all of you here Nissan takes pride in being an EV pioneer along with the owners of the current Nissan Leaf the launch of the new Nissan Leaf comes when the entire world is shifting towards the new Nissan Leaf and the launch of Nissan Leaf is a significant step forward in the development of a new Nissan Leaf the new Nissan Leaf represents technological Nissan or Nissan of technology which is a traditional term associated with Nissan in Japanese language and this is definitely a great opportunity of which we intend to make the most while the current Nissan Leaf was the EV pioneer the new Nissan Leaf has the real potential to become the core of the company the new Nissan Leaf will drive the Nissan intelligent Mobility Forward the autonomy or driving range of the new Nissan Leaf is 400 kilometers under ZC08 standard which is a significant improvement 40 from the previous generation no longer will customers need to worry about the range as it offers enough autonomy for practical use you will also discover the latest evolution of autonomous driving technology the new Nissan Leaf is equipped with our prop pilot technology which has already earned a positive react reputation for the Nissan Leaf development and is currently in development as well as the among the users of Serena and X-Trail in Japan. This technology has been applied for ProPILOT Park, which enables you to put your car in the garage or parallel park your car easily and safely with extremely simple operation. Another aspect is the single-pedal operation that is appreciated by the Nissan Node users in Japan today. The new Nissan LEAF adopts e-pedal, which has been developed from the existing one-pedal. All three of these technologies are simply amazing. Sakamoto-san, Executive Vice President of the Engineer, will give you more detailed information in just a moment. Last but not least, let me briefly highlight exterior design and interior design. In addition to its advanced and futuristic image, the new Nissan LEAF is designed to express the excellent EV acceleration as well as a dynamic performance that is enhanced by a vertical low center of gravity. With regards to the styling, Mr. Alfonso Abeza, our new global design leader, will briefly explain the design. Mr. Abeza, our new global design leader, will briefly explain the design. and a few more. Your next question may be, so what about the target volume? Here, Mr. Daniele Sciracci and Ms. Asako Hoshino are going to talk about it later this morning. However, please note that these numbers come from our internal calculations based on the certain formula and assumptions, so it is up to the customers and the market to decide. We would be more than happy if the results exceed our expectation. I believe that it's totally possible to do better. Now I would like to pass the microphone to Mr. Daniel Skelatchi, who is the head of EV business and Mr. Nissan Intelligent Mobility. He will talk about the expectations of the new Nissan LEAF and explain what Nissan Intelligent Mobility is all about. Nissan Intelligent Mobility Nissan Intelligent Mobility Nissan Intelligent Mobility Nissan Intelligent Mobility Nissan Intelligent Mobility Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome. Let me start by making one thing clear. The new Nissan LEAF is not an EV. Sure, it's driven by an all-electric, zero-emission powertrain. But what about the new LEAF? To call the new Nissan LEAF just an EV does not tell the full story of the ingenuity behind this vehicle. Nor does it represent its massive potential. While an EV is an exciting technology, alone it's not enough to move people to a better world. To do that, you need a bigger vision and a broader strategy. You need a vision that considers EVs as part of a larger package of ingenuity which delivers exciting drive, enhanced ownership experience, and contributes to a better world. That's why the new LEAF is not only an EV. It's the icon of Nissan Intelligent Mobility, our vision to move people to a better world. Nissan Intelligent Mobility is the new LEAF. Nissan Intelligent Mobility combines three key innovations. Autonomous drive, electrification, and connected car technologies which deliver great products for our customers and make their lives better. Nissan Intelligent Mobility is built on three pillars. The first pillar is Nissan Intelligent Driving, which gives our customers more confidence through safety, control, and comfort. This includes our development of autonomous drive technologies and advanced driving systems. ProPILOT and ePEDAL in the new Nissan LEAF are great examples of Nissan Intelligent Driving. The second pillar is Nissan Intelligent Power, which makes the drive more exciting, but also cleaner and more efficient. This includes zero-emission and electrification technologies. So the new LEAF takes our EV leadership to the next level. The third pillar is Nissan Intelligent Integration, which connects our vehicle to a wider society. The fourth pillar is Nissan Intelligent The new Nissan LEAF is more than just an EV. Through vehicle-to-home and vehicle-to-grid technologies, which will be progressively introduced, our customers will actively be able to manage their own energy consumption. While many of our competitors only focus on one of these pillars, the new Nissan LEAF allows our customers to be more efficient, and more efficient. This is because Nissan is the first of its kind to have a range of customers to experience intelligent driving, power, integration, all at once. It is simply amazing. Nissan is not just a dreamer. We are a doer. This is reflected in our EV leadership. When the Nissan LEAF first premiered, our competitors said we were crazy. Today, almost every automaker is following our lead. They are now discovering what Nissan has known for a long time, that electric vehicles will drive the future of our industry. I welcome them to the EV game. When they deliver good products to their customers, it makes us all better. But when it comes to the experience, the technology, and the reliability of our EVs, Nissan stands head and shoulders above all others. Consider the facts. Nearly 300,000 LEAFs have been sold, which makes it the best-selling EV in the world. Nissan LEAFs have sold in 49 markets. Nissan LEAFs have been driven more than 3.2 million times. They have driven more than 4.5 billion kilometers without any critical battery incident. The record of quality and durability of our EV battery technology is simply unmatched. The new Nissan LEAF has the most technology and the widest availability among all EVs in the market. The Nissan LEAF continues to be a true mass market leader. We also have two key advantages that our competitors like Tesla don't. First, the Nissan LEAF is the world's best-selling EV. Why is this important? Because we have more customer information and experience to make the new LEAF even better. We also have 84 years of history designing, engineering, and building cars. So, while it's easy to introduce more technology that grabs the headlines, it's harder to engineer it with your precision, your ergonomics, and the safety that makes our customer lives better. So, ladies and gentlemen, as I stated in the beginning, Nissan LEAF is the best-selling EV in the world. It's the best-selling EV in the world. As I stated in the beginning, the new LEAF is not just an EV. With the combination of customers and experience under our belt, the new Nissan LEAF is the right vehicle with the right technology at the right time. It also happens to be electric. The new LEAF is the future of Nissan. A future that is simply amazing. Thank you. Very good. Now, as I said, I would like to hand it over to Executive Vice President Sakamoto-san who is in charge of technology. Sakamoto-san, the floor is yours. Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to talk more about the attractive aspects of the new Nissan LEAF and its new technologies that offer new values. Let me start with the autonomous driving technology, the ProPilot. The ProPILOT that is available on the Serena minivan that was introduced last year, an X-Trail SUV, is well received in the market. The owners appreciate its comfortable and stress-free driving experience and are telling us that they would never want to lose this function. Once activated, the ProPILOT can automatically control the steering, acceleration, and brakes using a speed preset by the driver. It is a single-lane autonomous driving technology that you can use on highways. Helped by good response and smooth and linear acceleration thanks to motor driving, you will enjoy natural driving experience as if the car is driven by someone. EV goes well with the ProPILOT. The system makes your driving experience safer and more comfortable in traffic jams. Let me move on. Let's move on to the newly developed ProPILOT Park. According to the customer survey, the most frustrating experience for the customers is when they have to park their car or put their cars in their garage. The ProPILOT Park controls every operation required for parking, including acceleration, braking, shifting, turning the steering wheel, and applying the parking brake, which is very complex. Combination of the world's best cars and the best cars. The ProPILOT Park is equipped with the first four omnidirectional cameras. There are four of them. And 12 ultrasonic sensors enable you to park precisely whenever or wherever you wish in just three steps at the tip of your finger. This definitely makes the parking experience far less frustrating than it is today. Another one is the new technology, which is called e-pedal. The e-pedal allows you to start, decelerate, and hold the car. The e-pedal allows you to start, decelerate, and hold the car. The e-pedal allows you to start, decelerate, and hold the car. You can hold the car with just one pedal. You can hold the car with just one pedal. You can hold the car with just one pedal. Releasing the accelerator results in cooperative control of regenerative brake and friction brake that stabilizes braking force. Releasing the accelerator results in cooperative control of regenerative brake and friction brake that stabilizes braking force. You can also hold the car on the hill without stepping on the brakes, thanks to the friction brake. You can also hold the car on the hill without stepping on the brakes, thanks to the friction brake. You can also hold the car on the hill without stepping on the brakes, thanks to the friction brake. You can also hold the car on the hill without stepping on the brakes, thanks to the friction brake. You can also hold the car on the hill without stepping on the brakes, thanks to the friction brake. new driving pleasure of controlling your car by only using the accelerator you will enjoy comfortable driving on various occasions without stepping on different pedals the technologies of the new Nissan Leaf do not only offer driving pleasure and better convenience but also contribute to safety performance one of the technologies is the latest emergency assist for a pedal misapplication by using the images caught by the front cameras the car detects hazards and other vehicles as well as pedestrians based on the results of our careful analysis of the past traffic accidents in addition to the standing start the system is activated at the low speed when people often apply a wrong pedal and supports safe driving more extensively last but not least the the heart of the new Nissan Leaf e powertrain underwent evolution to Nissan's unique inverter technology provides much larger output the high-power motor was the maximum output of 100 kilowatt offers smooth and powerful acceleration of EV the 40 kilowatt-hour battery life of the new Nissan Leaf e powertrain is a new trend and the cars are now more and more popular and more popular in the United States and in Japan, too. the battery extends the driving range by more than 40% against the existing model reaching 400 kilometers under the JCO 8 standard this is two times longer than the first generation Nissan Leaf the new Nissan Leaf will certainly be accepted by a wider range of customers if you use 6 kilowatt high-power charger which is offered as a car that offers more than the standard. a six kilowatt high-power charger which is offered as a car that offers more than the standard. a six kilowatt high-power charger which is offered as a car that offers more than the standard. as an option, the time required for charging will be equivalent to that of today. You can also fully charge the car overnight. The new Nissan LEAF is blessed with all the electrification and vehicle intelligence technologies which our company has been building over the years. I am sure that you will be pleasantly surprised and be excited by the advanced technologies that are one step ahead. Thank you for your kind attention. Thank you, Mr. Sakamoto. Now, I would like to hand it over to Mr. Alfonso Alvesa to talk about exterior interior styling. He is our new global design leader of Nissan motor, Alfonso. Good morning. The design of the new LEAF tells two stories. Just how far EVs have come and where Nissan's design language is heading. When we started sketching the first LEAF, there was no mass production EV in the marketplace. There was no industry template to follow and no expectations from our customers. In fact, the general public was not aware of the importance of the LEAF. The general public was not aware of the importance of the LEAF. The general public was not aware of the importance of the LEAF. The general public was not aware of how powerful the movement coming their way was. And so, to celebrate this significant change in the industry and in the lives of our customers, we created a unique design signature. It was different than anything else we had designed before or since. But today, as you know, the image of EVs has changed fundamentally. But the new LEAF remains at the forefront of EV design and technology. It leads the emotional geometry DNA of all of our vehicles and serves as an ambassador to Nissan Intelligent Mobility. Let me show you what I mean. At a glance, you can see that our designers and engineers created a low and sleek proportion that is sharp and dynamic. The stance is wider, giving the greater stability and a lower center of gravity. This allows the car to hug the road and drive smoothly. This allows the car to hug the road and drive smoothly. And then allows the driver to feel completely in control. The front is modern and expressive. Starting with our iconic V-Motion grille, the movement draws your eyes over the hood and onto the body side. The sleek LED headlamps features a floating boomerang signature, adding boldness, high technology, and a sense of dynamic movement. The wind flows in a managed manner. The wind flows in a managed manner. In a combination of bullet-like profile with sharp corners guiding the wind over the car or to the side. In a combination of bullet-like profile with sharp corners guiding the wind over the car or to the side. From the side, you can see how our team enhanced the low and sleek impression with a modern two-tone roof. It cuts the visual height of the car while enhancing the LEAF's effortless flow. Additionally, the cabin tapers to the rear, improving aerodynamics while the fenders run smoothly. Additionally, the cabin tapers to the rear, improving aerodynamics while the fenders run smoothly. While the fenders reach out to the tires, giving it a robust, sporty EV character. While the fenders reach out to the tires, giving it a robust, sporty EV character. Now, coming around the back, you can really see our team's artistry. We combine the tail lamps, the rear glass, the wing finishers into one dynamic cross-car movement. This combination of things gives the LEAF a strong, last impression as the car whisks away. Stepping inside the vehicle, we have created a serene, harmonious and contemporary environment. It is a modern living space with Nissan Intelligent Mobility technology at your fingertips and right in front of your eyes. These include a floating centre meter display, a high-tech meter and a LEAF e-shifter. With the help of acoustic glass and by carefully managing the wind noise from the exterior, we have created a peaceful sanctuary to deliver a silent drive which only LEAF can deliver. All of these steps, you focus on what really matters the most, an extremely wonderful drive. So, by combining our history of ingenuity with our vision of the future, the new LEAF is designed to keep the customers feeling one step ahead every step of the way. So, I'd like to thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your attention and I hope to speak to you a little later. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. I would now like to ask our last speaker, Ms. Hoshino, who is in charge of the Japanese operation, to talk about the significance and sales expectations on the new Nissan LEAF. Hoshino-san, the floor is yours. Thank you. Thank you. Today is a proud day for Nissan, both as a global EV leader and as a company with Japanese DNA. We are pleased that we do not only premiere the new Nissan LEAF, new Nissan leave here in our home market but also to make it available to our Japanese customers before anywhere else starting October 2nd Japan is the right market to begin our Nissan leave sales for many reasons first our Japanese customers love great products equipped with the latest technologies last year we launched the all-new Nissan Serena family minivan with the world's first ProPILOT a single-lane autonomous driving technology and and just recently we introduced the new Nissan X-Trail with ProPILOT you we also launched the note e power in Japan for the first time in the world the customer response to all of these models carrying advanced technologies has been very strong so far and the results are very strong the new Nissan leaf will continue this forward second Japanese customers have strongly embraced eevee technology they see the driving pleasure that an eevee provides but also the positive impact that it has on Japan's green and beautiful environment they believe that that next car that they would like to purchase is an eevee so they're counting on eevee third the country has the infrastructure in place there are There are currently more than 7,200 EV quick charging stations across the nation, and when you include normal charging, there are more than 28,000 charging spots that are available to the public. Nissan continues working with our partners to grow the charging network in Japan to meet our customers' driving needs. Because of the improved charging infrastructure combined with the Nissan LEAF's new battery technology, customers here in Japan will not have to worry about autonomy. An average Japanese driver will only need to charge their battery only once a week. Last but not least, we offer the new Nissan LEAF at an innovative price. With all the advanced technologies at feature, such as the ProPILOT, the ProPILOT Park and e-PEDAL, the new Nissan LEAF will be available at a price that is comparable with the current model. We believe that for all of these reasons, we are confident to at least double our sales volume or even grow three-fold in Japan. I'm certain. Catering to the customers' needs in Japan and increasing our presence in this market are our top priorities. This is only the beginning. We will continue introducing high-quality models with better technologies which exceed the expectation of our customers in Japan. You can count on the Nissan Intelligent Mobility and Nissan Motor Corporation. Before we close, please enjoy the new TV commercial of the new Nissan LEAF. Thank you for your kind attention. 100% EV, new Nissan LEAF, Nissan Intelligent Mobility. New feeling of controlling the car with one acceleration pedal. This car is so exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. It's exciting. This concludes the presentations of the new Nissan Leaf. We will start launching the new Nissan Leaf globally towards the latter half of this year. In the next fiscal year, in fiscal year 2018, Nissan will introduce a high-power version with increased motor power and battery capacity. You can count on continued evolution of the Nissan Leaf and the Nissan Intelligent Mobility. Thank you for your kind attention. The presenters will once again come up to the stage for the photo session. Photographers, please gather in front of the stage. Please welcome back today's presenters to the stage for a final photo. Photographers may come forward at this time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The session is now concluded. Please join us in the next hall. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.