 When we designed the Gran Turismo, we worked since the beginning on the three versions that embody the different soul of the brand. We have the Modena version that expresses the timeless elegance of the brand. We have the Trofeo version that is more linked to the performance side, so more audacious. And then there is the Folgore version that expresses the future of Maserati. So the Folgore is for us a huge step for Maserati. It's the first full electrical car that we launched to the market. And we, with the interior design, wanted to create something that is coherent. This evolutionary approach, together with the attention for the environment, lead us to develop a completely new fabric made by Econil yarn. Econil is a fiber, is a regenerated nylon made by an Italian company that is a very, very good fabric. It's a very, very good fabric. It's a very, very good fabric. It's made by recycling fishing nets in the sea and other plastic scraps in order to give a new opportunity, a new design opportunity also, to what could be considered as a waste. You wouldn't expect that this could become beauty inside of a Maserati, but that's exactly an interesting part of our story. If we talk about character, it actually debido to Econil also, a regular product model, so it's incredibly dangtion. The rental model was working for Econil. They were knew as a European brand and, most importantly, they were minted by end users. So Econil was really simply, a homebroken semi-wet fit. They have been making long drive associated with Econil's Ав Captain aggressive standards. We brought back with us here, natural phenomena of Aurora Borealis, in which the exchange of energy is visible and you can see the power of nature. The properties of this material gave us a completely new way to explore an interior because it has very special characteristics that makes it very very special for us and also it creates a very luxury atmosphere inside our interior design. We are entering in a completely new era for Maserati and I think this kind of materials combined with this very important moment for Maserati will be very meaningful in the future because I think it's changing a lot for our brand. We are super curious to see what will come next and I think you will have also a lot of fun to get to know the Maserati brand. We will explore what we will show you in the next generations of Maserati interiors.