 ... from Mitsubishi Canada to tell us more about the i-MIV. Please welcome him. Thank you, Mr. Van Roevin, Mayor Robertson, and Mr. Kowase, and good morning, everyone. I'm honored to be here on this special day. Ladies and gentlemen, these are challenging times, but they are also exciting times. Today, I'm going to speak briefly about Mitsubishi Motors. Then I'll talk about the zero-emission i-MIV electric vehicle, a car of future that is here today. Mitsubishi Motors Sales of Canada is a young company here in Canada, only 6.5 years old. However, our products are well accepted by Canadian customers, and we are growing up rapidly. We are very proud of what we accomplished in last year, 2008. With the new dealerships opening and Mitsubishi Motors brand gaining recognition, we ended 2008 with 11.2% sales increase, despite the fact that the overall market was down by 1.1%. And we are keeping that momentum going this year. As of the end of March, we are up by 5.5% on the year-to-date basis. While total industry demand was down by 21.8%, our March year 2009 sales volume of 1,983 units was our best month ever. A new record, and 8.9% up over March 2008. So we are very optimistic in this challenging environment. It is now time to look ahead. With courage and conviction, we recognize the need to invest in a bright future, and the need to continue bringing light for the times products to the Canadian market. Products like zero-emission electric vehicles you see here. The i-MIB is not a concept car, it is a practical lithium battery-ion battery powered electric vehicle that will go on sale this summer in Japan. Mitsubishi Motors developed the i-MIB because of consumer interest, not because of government mandates. The i-MIB seats four adults with a surprising interior room and cargo space. Other features include excellent acceleration and low center of gravity, which contains a large amount of power. It also has an extremely large range of motion. The i-MIB is capable of traveling up to 120 km on a single charge. It is very quiet inside. The charge time is 14 hours using 110 volts or 7 hours using 220 volts, and with an appropriate quick charging station, the i-MIB can be used for up to 30 minutes, and it is also equipped with a very good value for money. The i-MIB has a large electric power supply, and it can be used for up to 50 miles in one charge. The i-MIB is also equipped with a very nice battery. The i-MIB is also equipped with a very nice battery. can pick up 80% charging in as little as 30 minutes. At Mitsubishi Motors, we are committed to green technologies and to leading the way in electric car development. The i-MIB represents the pinnacle of Mitsubishi Motors' green technologies. We believe in this car and its potential and in its future. To finish, I would like to again thank you, Mrs. Van Roeving, Mayor Robertson, Mr. Kowase, and I would like to thank you, Minister Dextro, for his involvement in this initiative. We are honored that you have accepted our pollution-free vehicles for evaluation and testing. I'd also like to thank the Minister of Transport for his support. Thank you. I'd also like to thank the City of Vancouver, BC Hydro, and the Province of British Columbia and Mitsubishi Canada for their forward-thinking students and demonstrated commitment to small, efficient vehicles. You are ready to become a leader in consumer acceptance of electric vehicle technology. Thank you very much. Thank you.