 ...at a corporate level with the electric vehicle technology roadmap that Canada was doing. And from that, Brian and I were both there in Montreal and the other venues where it was at. And when we knew that there was something that was actually not a prototype, not a, you know, it's buy it, drive it, you know, turnkey operation, we became very excited because out here there's a huge appetite for that. We've been waiting, I would have to say, over a year now for someone to deliver something we could use. Wow. You know, there's lots of them out there. They have a 40-kilometer range or something. Yes. We need something we can actually use at the municipal level for more than just a demonstration. I think everybody's bought into this is the way to go. We have very green energy here. That's wonderful. We want to actually employ it, you know. So, and we know that through total life cycle cost analysis, we don't have to really worry about the upfront or, you know, the initial capital cost is not nearly as important as that total life cycle. Right. Right. Right. And for municipalities and companies and stuff, it's less of a thing. Now, if I'm Joe Public, I only have so much disposal, you know, so much capital. And it's maybe more of a concern. But for early operators, it's all fleets, you know, whether it's public or private. Right. And this just fits in exactly with what we're looking at. Yes. And that's exactly why we did it first. There are a lot of inquiries in other cities, Bill. Yeah. But. But we've chosen Vancouver for its size, for its weather, the geography, the residential business area. Very nicely tied each other. Very compact. Yep. Relatively, the commuting is short. And the weather doesn't get as cold as it would have been. No. Which is a great advantage for our battery cars. I think, yeah, especially for the initial models, absolutely. I think that's very important. And I think the actual appetite here is palatable. I mean, it's there. We're wanting this. Like, we're making demands. Yeah. Only 20 for North American? Like, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We want 20 here. Well, we understand why. Absolutely. But that's how the level of interest has gone beyond interest. Yes. It's we want to buy. We're unrestricted. I have budget available today. Wonderful. To buy something. You know, we have LEEDs buildings. You know, buildings are done to LEED standards and all that kind of. Yes. They're just crying for these kind of things. I can't get them. I'm having to buy hybrids to meet LEED standard because I can't buy an electric vehicle. Right. And I'm going, you know, so. I understand. Yeah. Yeah. So.