 The generation has not been different since the time of the Civil War. We created a now-hardened hybrid bucket truck for our fleet. These trucks are essential to our operations and we consistently look for ways to reduce their environmental impact. These are concrete, tangible examples of our environmental leadership. In 2004, we began adding hybrid cars to our fleet to now have close to 100 hybrids throughout the province. In partnership with the provincial government and other partners like the City of Vancouver, we are taking a step further by converting these cars to plug-in hybrids. And today, I am pleased to announce that both BC Hydro and the City of Vancouver are adding new vehicles. And these vehicles can be operated in a safe, consistent way. Thank you to Mayor Robertson and the City of Vancouver for your commitment to make Vancouver the greenest city in the world. Thank you to Mayor Robertson and the City of Vancouver for your commitment to make Vancouver the greenest city in the world. And these vehicles can be operated in a safe, consistent way. I also thank Mitsubishi for making the iMeave such an environmentally friendly car and for picking BC Hydro, British Columbia and the City of Vancouver to debut this vehicle. I also thank Mitsubishi for making the iMeave such an environmentally friendly car and for picking British Columbia, BC Hydro and the City of Vancouver to debut this vehicle. Now I'd like to call on Mayor Gregor Robertson to say a few words. Please welcome the Mayor. Mayor Gregor Robertson to say a few words. Mayor Gregor Robertson to say a few words. Thank you very much, Bev and welcome everyone. It's very exciting to be here today with our partners to speak to the next generation of British vapor truck owners. And of course, I want to acknowledge the fact that we have the power of the man and the city of Vancouver. to speak to a great addition to our city's transportation future. The city of Vancouver sees electric vehicles like the IMEV before you today from Mitsubishi Motors as a way to move us closer to becoming the greenest city in the world. The city is ready to test highly efficient vehicles, zero emission vehicles, and to share our experience and make sure that they come to market as soon as possible. We are working in many ways to make our city a leader in plug-in and electric car technology. We are the first city in Canada to change our local building and parking bylaws to allow for vehicle charging points. The city has aggressive greenhouse gas reduction plans in place and sustainable choices like this will help us meet those targets. We're very fortunate to have clean electricity from BC Hydro and from Hydropower. And already over half of our public transportation is electric. We have a lot of electric cars that are electric powered. In Vancouver, we tend to drive short distances. Less than 10% of our trips in the city are more than 30 kilometres. And Vancouver already allows slower moving electric cars on most of our city's streets. We have excellent intergovernmental coordination and leadership from BC Hydro that is helping us move forward on these goals. And supporting this early adoption of plug-in electric cars is one way that Vancouver demonstrates the potential of our city. And it demonstrates its desire to be the greenest city in the world. Our partnerships with stakeholders like the Vancouver Electric Vehicle Association as well as the BC government-led plug-in electric vehicle working group are helping us become a leader in the adoption of this technology. And early adoption is critical for us to be leaders. I'd especially like to thank Mr. Soga from Miss2BC Motors for bringing this car for the city and our partners to try out this car. We are very proud of our partnership with Vancouver and we're very happy to be part of the community today. Mitsubishi is an electric vehicle automotive leader and we look forward to sharing our local enabling efforts with them and other car manufacturers who may join the market in the future. We see great promise and great potential for cleaning the transportation network here in Vancouver and these electric vehicles will be a key component of that. Thank you very much for being here today.