 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Fremont, California. We're out here at the test track of our Fremont factory, just a few meters away from where we actually build all of our Tesla vehicles. We're super excited to have you all here. In fact, almost nine years ago, on June 22, 2012, we had our first Model S delivery event right over there in the factory. So we've come a long way in a few years. We set out to design, engineer, and manufacture the best car in the planet, and we've been working tirelessly every day to try to make that happen. And tonight, we're going to show you the next best version of Model S. And I brought this along because we might be breaking a few records. But more about that later. So let's get Elon out here and have him show you how we made the best car in the world. The Model S. This is an ambitious goal to create a whole new kind of car. A lot of Wall Street is betting Tesla. Can't get it done. Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk Dramatisk musikk You'll see very little degradation in cold weather. And the radiator is twice as big for heat rejection. So you'll be able to actually do back-to-back 0-60s, go on the track, just haul ass, and as you'll see tonight, this car is just going to be over and over again, and it doesn't get winded. I think we've got to take this back to maybe the Nürburgring to see what happens. And then, of course, when we first delivered the Model S, there were no superchargers anywhere in the world. So back in 2012, no superchargers anywhere. Now there are 25,000 superchargers all around the world. We opened 30 just in the last week. And we're just going to keep going so that you can basically travel anywhere you want with peace of mind. Super easy. Keep increasing the power of the superchargers. We're 250 kilowatts. Obviously, we'll start going to 280, 300, 350. Yeah. And then it's also engineered for maximum safety as well. So, in fact, this is designed to be our aspiration for this car. It still has to be tested by the U.S. government, but... We think we can get the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested. So... In fact, these are the actual NISA probability of injuries numbers. All top five cars with the lowest probability of injuries ever tested, all five are Teslas. So... So, with the Plaid Model S, what you have is a car that... that is faster than... than quicker than any sports car. And, like, faster than any Porsche, safer than any Volvo. In the same car. That's insane. It's like... It's like... You know? Yeah. So... And then the design, we've obviously made a lot of refinements to the exterior. And then we've made... We've completely redone the interior. So, we... I think once you drive, the new Model S, it really feels like you're driving the future. And... Other cars are gonna... Especially, like, non-Tesla cars are gonna feel very last century. So, all new interior. As you can see, we changed the orientation of the main screen, so it's easier to watch movies and that kind of thing in landscape. Yeah. Exactly. And... I mean, in other notes, we have ventilated front seats. So, yeah. Anyway, it's... I think it's a... It's really... You drive around and it really feels like, okay, we're in 2021. Great. We have this yoke steering wheel, which is a little different, but I think once you try it, you'll think this is... It's great. The... You... The visibility of the steering wheel is great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. The main screen is super clear, especially for autopilot, so you can see the entire panoramic view of... You can basically see the mind's eye of the car. And... Yeah. It's... It's really cool. So... So... And then we've gotten rid of the stalks. So, like... You know, I think generally all input is error. So, we want... If you have to do something, if you have to do something that the car could have done already, that should be taken care of. The software should just do it. So, you can actually just literally walk up to the car. It senses that you're approaching, unlocks the car based on your phone. It just basically pairs with your phone, knows that you're coming to the car, opens the door, extends the handle, you sit down, and you just drive. You don't have to press the drive or anything like that. The car knows you want to drive. It figures like, yeah, good guess. You know? So... So... So... And then it's using the autopilot system to know where the obstacles are. So, obviously, if there's something in front of you, you want to go backwards. And if there's something in back of you, you want to go front, most likely. And then it will adapt to your needs. So, if it sees that you're always doing... You know, you're changing to reverse or forward in particular situations, it'll try to remember that and geocode it to that location. So, then you won't have to do it in the future. It will just keep minimizing the amount of input that you need to do until the car just reads your mind. So, it's going to be great. Yeah. So, we've redesigned the interior. We've moved the interior so that the front IP is actually slimmer and thinner. So, we're able to move the front seats forward, giving more room to the back seat. And we reclined the back seat more and reduced the interior trim. So, basically, the current, more or less, the back seat is not amazing. But the new one, it's actually a legit back seat. I'm not saying... It's like... It's good. So, I think it's quite a comfortable back seat. And you've got also a rear screen. And you can control everything from the back. Yeah. It's got dual inductive charges for your phones in the back and dual inductive in the front. And it's a 36-watt power supply. So, you can actually charge, like, your laptop or anything. Basically, it's a 36-watt USB-C. Yeah. It can also pair with multiple Bluetooth devices simultaneously. So... Multiple people could be controlling music or somebody could be playing a video game. So, it's... You can do multiple wireless things simultaneously. And then, similar to the Model 3 and Y, we... Instead of having air vents, we use intersecting columns of air. So... And we just vary the speed of the air. So, you don't have to... There's no vents. There's no vents. That you can see. And you can just touch the screen and move the screen around and it'll just move the air wherever you want it. And the air is much more diffuse. It just feels like an invisible air conditioning system. It's great. So... And it's a tri-zone. So, there's a zone for the rear and a front and left-front, right-front zone. So... And then, the 17-inch touchscreen is... It feels like a movie. It feels like a movie theater. The sound is incredible. And, yeah. So, you can really... It's like a home theater experience. So, if you're sitting somewhere waiting or for whatever reason or at a supercharger, you can just catch up on whatever your favorite Netflix show or iTunes or whatever the case may be, YouTube. And, of course, you can also play video games. Yeah! And the same thing for the rear. The rear... It basically... The system feeds all three screens. And so, you can do things to front and rear. It's great. We have an old, new sound system designed by Tesla Audio. And we have acoustic glass throughout the car. So, the car is very quiet when going down the highway. Even at very high speeds, like you're doing like 100 miles an hour, it's still quiet. And this is a Tesla-designed codec. So, it's... It will keep uploading improved versions of the sound system. It's completely software-defined. So, we'll keep tweaking it and dynamically adjusting to whether you're using streaming or whether it's coming via Bluetooth for your phone or different streaming services. It will actually... And if the data rate changes, it'll adapt that. So, basically, it always sounds good. And it's just going to get better. So... Yeah. And then we've got an old, new UI. So... Really want waypoints. Yes. Okay. Does everybody here want waypoints? All right. Fine. We'll do waypoints. God damn it. All right. Two weeks. All right. We'll do waypoints. Fine. So... But, obviously, it also interfaces with your calendar. So, if you just... Basically, if you just get in the car, and you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And you just sort of swipe down from navigate. You don't have to enter anything. Just swipe down. The car will automatically figure out if you want to go to home, work, or what's on your calendar. So, it'll default to calendar priority. And, obviously, if you're at home, and it's kind of a weekday or whatever, it assumes you're going to go to work. So, you just swipe down. It automatically navigates to work and checks traffic and gives you an optimal route. So, it's just like a nice little easy thing. And you can actually set it to automatically generate the most probable route. So, you just get in, and it's going to guess what route you want. And... Yeah. You don't have to press anything. Yeah. So, anyway, the UI is basically easy to move around, expand, contract, shift music to the left, to the right. And we're going to keep improving it. So, it basically feels like a modern tablet or phone. And then... It's not PS4. It's PS5. It's not PS4. So, I think there's really never been a car that has state-of-the-art computing technology, state-of-the-art infotainment, where this is literally at the level of a PlayStation 5. So, yeah. I mean, if you think about the future where the car is often in autopilot or full self-driving mode, then entertainment is going to become increasingly important. So you're going to want to watch movies, play games, use the internet, just all the things you want to do if you're not driving. And this is an actual PlayStation 5 level performance. We're going to try to do a gaming demo. Yes. It can play Cyberpunk. So this is somebody playing in the car right now. Playing live. So it's pretty great. So have fun in the game. It's going to be great. All right. So high frame rate will do 60 frames a second with state-of-the-art games. All right. So we've got incredible performance, interior of the future. I think engineering, that's practically alien. So like I said, simultaneously the safest car in the world and the fastest. This is insane. So we also got to look at some things like the power curve. So I think this really illustrates the difference. It maintains 1,000 horsepower. All the way up to 100. All the way up to 200 miles an hour. This car crushes. All right. So. Yes. All right. And deliveries begin now. So we're in production. We're going to deliver the phone. And they were almost to 25 cars now. And and then basically should be at, you know, several hundred cars per week soon. And a thousand cars a week, probably next quarter. So please enjoy. We put a lot of work into this. I'd like to thank the incredible work of the Tesla engineering and production teams. So, like, my hat is off to Tesla engineering and production design. The whole group. They really put their heart and soul into this, so I hope you enjoy it. So let's deliver some cars! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!