 Hi there, I'm Johnny Lieberman with MotorTrend and I am driving the all-new Karma Rivero GT. This is a plug-in hybrid vehicle, that means it's got a battery and an electric motor as well as a gasoline engine. This particular engine is a 1.5 liter turbocharged three-cylinder when combined with a big traction motor puts out 536 horsepower and 550 pound-feet of torque. Much more important than that though is the design. The Rivero is gorgeous, it's one of the best sedan designs of all time. We're living in this age, we're on the cusp of something new. Soon all cars, they're gonna drive themselves, they're gonna be fully electric, they're gonna have more horsepower than you could ever need. So once all cars have those attributes, what's gonna separate them? I see a lot of people who are going to be driving a car that's going to be super fast, but I would say it's design. With that in mind, I'm headed to Karma's headquarters right here in Irvine, California to talk about not just the Rivero GT, but what they have planned for an Encore. Right, so we've got the car under the design lights here at Karma HQ and now I'm gonna introduce you to a person who knows more about the car than I do. Right, so we've got the car under the design lights here at Karma HQ and now I'm gonna introduce you to a person who knows more about the car than I do. right, so we've got the car under the design lights here at Karma HQ and now I'm gonna introduce you to a person who knows more about the car than I do. this thing than well basically anybody this is Dave Strader to tell us all about the rivero GT hi Johnny thanks for visiting us today at Karma automotive what we have here is a 2020 rivero GT I always like to point out the car is primarily an electric car right and this is the charge port for the car it does level 1 level 2 and level 3 charging level 3 is the fastest DC to DC fast charge and that's why there's two different plugs correct so level 3 you can charge car in about 25 minutes the interior of the car is a little bit 25 minutes the interior the car is designed to be very clean there's not a lot of buttons it's not cluttered this car has three different drive modes it has stealth which is pure EV sustain which is basically sustain I can drive along and sustain the state of charge of the high voltage battery and then sport means go as fast as you can and you can change those with one of the paddle shifters yeah correct and then the other paddle shifter changes the regen braking and so you can select between regen 1 regen 2 and regen 3 and I mean the highest level of the car and then you can change the braking and so you can the highest level you can kind of drive the car with one foot you don't have to get on the brake pedal exactly so this car is equipped with advanced driver assistance systems so there's a radar sensor in the front some cameras cameras in the windshield so it has automatic emergency braking as link keeping assist as well as the adaptive cruise control it also features surround view camera system so you can get a 360 degree view of the car as you're driving cool and then this car also is connected to the cloud in some way yeah all of our cars the first generation and the second generation car are connected to to the cloud 24-7, and we can see events like low tire pressure or low washer solvent, all the way up to events where, say, a customer might lose propulsion in the car. Right, so you'll know if they're stuck and you got to go get them or something like that. Exactly. Typically, we would dispatch roadside assistance to the car and ask them if they need Uber to complete their trip. Cool. Very cool. Hey, listen, Dave, thanks so much for taking the time to show us the Revero GT. So Andre, tell me, in design speak, why do I like the way the Revero GT looks so much? What is it about that car? It's definitely the presence that catches you, right? And you create passion by extreme proportions, right? Stance, low center of gravity, the whole car being low, and then also exaggerated proportions like the fender flares, the long hood, dash to axle. Those are the things that, for us, we want to cultivate because we love those things. We love those proportions. And we do know that car people love those proportions. Right, so long, low, and wide. Yes, yes, yes. Kind of classic. Yes, yes. So this car, this is the Karma GT. But this one actually wasn't done by you guys. It actually went to another country to design this car. Yes, this one actually, for us, was a showcase what others could do with our great platform, right? So we went to Italy. And we gave it to Pininfarina and basically gave it as a blank slate and said, like, go nuts with it. Did you say, like, these are Karma brand values? Like, it has to have this look, or it has to have this grill, or anything? Yeah, so what we said is, you know, Karma is all about craftsmanship, attention to detail, sophistication of the surface, and presence of the car. The thing I really want to talk about, though, is the SC2. And I mean, you know, it's a knockout. Could you talk me through this car? Yeah, I mean, this is a dream project for every designer, right? Sure. Yeah. It's incredible proportions, amazing technology, right? And for us, this is basically showcasing our future design language. You know, with electrification and modern technology, we definitely wanted to make a statement in terms of design. And this is a testament to, you know, lifestyle luxury. So it's interesting you said electrification. So you know, I feel that, you know, coming soon, cars are, you know, they're going to drive themselves. They're all going to be electric and have a billion horsepower. So if you want to get someone to buy your car instead of another car, design, right? That's what's going to differentiate them because the technology is going to be so similar. Absolutely. For us, you know, the key differentiator of design is one of our brand pillars, right? So we really pride ourselves that we are a design-driven company. And we believe that the Revero GT was mainly bought not just for its amazing technology, but also for its aesthetics. It looked really good. Yeah. It's a car that catches your breath every time. Every time when you see it coming down the road, right? All right. So actually, sort of a tough question here. But you know, because the car is electric and because there isn't a big V12 under that hood, you could have made it look like anything. Like this is a classic shape for, you know, a big engine in front of the driver, rear-wheel drive. Why do that? Why not, you know, put the cabin here? You know, like, why would you go with it? Aside from being just absolutely gorgeous. You know, there's this outside impression now where automotives are actually transiting. Right. Right. Right. Right. But you've got to keep this rolling, as you boot up to the road, through theBack popping and from the rear to the front's zij. That's very much a different situation there. Yeah. Yeah, sure. So what you were understanding here was that we offer the kind of cardio that people would like to buy in any car, from any additive or any thing. Okay. And so when it comes down to that, for a practical driver, Cano would be like, get this car and go, get this crybaby. And, you know, I'm interested in giving at the back because duck concern is something that would be interesting in a car Love speaks for. You know? if it's done right, you actually can create bookends that might be very different of each other. This for us is a halo car. On the other side, there will be bookends which is still appealing, which has amazing proportions, but you now can buy way below of what we're offering currently, right? And definitely below this. Cool. Thanks, Andre. That's the story here at Karma Automotive. And if you want more information, go to karmaautomotive.com. Thanks for watching. We'll see you next time.