 When this love takes a hold of you, it makes you fearless and do the unthinkable. Just by the thought of it, your heart beats faster and you feel alive. Like a force of nature, this love is unstoppable and has the power to break all the rules and set the new ones. It pushes you to the limits. A legacy is not built on promises, but on the challenges you overcome. This spirit has the power to lift you to the stars. If you feel this way, you are not alone. For the love of driving. Introducing IONIQ 5N. Our brand is the technology powerhouse of Hyundai. We push the latest technology to take pure unfiltered driving fun to a new level. IONIQ 5N ensures the optimal battery temperature for maximized track performance. IONIQ 5N. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. The power of the engine. This is the most advanced Hyundai N ever. IONIQ 5N features powerful dual motors and the 4th Generation Battery. The reinforced chassis endures extreme track conditions and provides instant steering response. We revolutionize the regenerative braking. To create 0.6 g of defense. Next the Mission Dhi. This heat keeps theering alive. This Estados- його. This industry-leading system creates a synergy with enhanced brakes. Use N-E-Shift and N-Active Sound Plus as functional feedback and find new ways to carve through the corners with N-Pedal. You can turn off the sound and enjoy maximum comfort with ECS. But when you're ready for takeoff, you hear different high-performance sounds blasting out from both sides. Inside and outside. Your heart will be in sync with the roars and kicks from IONIQ 5N. You can feel theawy sound of the landing with a low-toned IONIQ muffler, and the real import For all enthusiasts out there, we hear you. This is not the end of driving, but a new chapter. Our journey continues with IONIQ 5N. Because at Hyundai N, driving still matters. IONIQ 5N