 And hello everyone. Thanks for joining us here in Texas. It's great to see a lot of you again after our headquarters event just last month. So tonight we're excited to introduce you to an all-new vehicle with a Toyota First powertrain. Now globally, this nameplate has a rich history and represents Toyota's strong commitment to innovation and our philosophy of continuous improvement. This vehicle was first introduced in Japan in 1955 and it's gone through 15 product iterations over the past 67 years. It's been sold around the world and it was even available in the U.S. from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. In Japan, it has an established reputation as a prestige vehicle and it's often used to transport government officials, dignitaries, and executives. Now for 2025, Toyota will be the first to introduce a new powertrain. And in 2023, this premium sedan has been entirely rethought and redesigned to meet the needs of today's consumers. With bold styling, elevated ride height, performance handling, and fuel efficiency. So say hello to the all-new Toyota Crown, the sedan reimagined. The first to introduce this premium sedan goes to anyone looking for more of the germance. Personal choices and weight distribution, Bloomberg removed many coins from the main chain case. The first was Galliano Ford bilang the Porsche while vyandro. However,imes, Delta released a jaycar as a exhibitions car, which come cameras, a car that ran in these then Morse code. Of those cars, they may beey the truckers that impacted retailers inGameCause, while the gearbox was modified by Renault K安全. With an all-new crewed Ford京 Moto and the low 임 fuel-power ratio, that's a B-class engine. This Castellano Quiz has been began in May 2011.かな toilet Quest. Go ahead and clap, I know you want to. Pretty amazing. All right, engineered to stand out, the Crown breaks the traditional full-size sedan mold and gives drivers a car that excites the senses. Beyond its contemporary design, Crown's performance is powerful and capable with exhilarating acceleration and handling that comes along with supreme comfort for a sophisticated ride. Now, it's available in three grades, the XLE, Limited, and Platinum, and it's built on a newly developed chassis based on Toyota's GAK platform, giving it a raised overall height that's nearly four inches higher than Camry. The unique height of this sedan offers increased road visibility along with easy entry and exit. And inside, it's loaded with premium craftsmanship, comfort, and also modern technology. All right. Now, the first thing that drivers and passengers will notice is the spacious and thoughtfully crafted cabin. The driver-focused cockpit offers a high line of sight with horizontally placed displays and controls that minimize eye and body movement. And the front seats feel lounge-like thanks to a sweeping design from dash to console that gives both the driver and the passenger a space that's all their own. The thoughtful cabin continues to the rear seats, where passengers will feel like they're in a VIP airliner, thanks to ample legroom and individual USB ports to charge all their devices. And, well, the exterior, come on, it's a wow factor. This sedan is sure to get drivers noticed with an impressive, powerful presence that's unlike anything that's currently in the market. A Toyota First bi-tone paint option is available on the Platinum grade, and it makes a bold statement from tip to tail. And the available 21-inch wheels are the largest ever offered on a Toyota sedan. Now, overall, the exterior evokes strength, adventure, and beauty, all with a performance car vibe. But it's more than just a vibe. Crown will debut with an all-new Hybrid Max powertrain, adding even more power to our ever-growing electrified lineup. Exclusively available on the Platinum grade, this system will be available on the Platinum grade, and the system combines a 2.4-liter turbocharged engine with front and rear electric motors for unprecedented power in a Toyota hybrid sedan. It comes in at 340 horsepower. It's also projected to have a 5.9-second 0-to-60 time, while still getting a manufacturer's estimated 28 mpg combined. And what's really cool is that Hybrid Max also includes our E4 advanced system, giving drivers a real-time experience. And it's a great way to get a feel for the car. It's a great way to get a feel for the car. It's a great way to get a feel for the car. It's a great way to get a feel for the car. It's a responsive throttle, plenty of torque for linear acceleration, and the added stability of all-wheel drive. The XLE and Limited grades come with Toyota's legendary hybrid system that's engineered for maximum efficiency, with the manufacturer's estimated 38 mpg combined. The XLE and Limited hybrids include E4 system that increases torque to the rear wheels for an extra dose of traction when it's needed. There's also incredible technology and safety included in every grade in this lineup, like our all-new Toyota multimedia system and Toyota Safety Sense 3.0. Both of those are standard. Other available premium features include advanced park, bird's eye camera, and an 11-speaker JBL audio system. So we're excited to deliver on Toyota's commitment to this sedan segment and electrification with the introduction of Crown. It's an all-new vehicle that's exclusively available in hybrid, delivering on our promise to provide customers with a portfolio of electrified options to meet their diverse needs. So there it is, the 2023 Toyota Crown, with bold design, premium comfort, and the all-new Hybrid Max powertrain. It truly is our crowning achievement. So thanks for joining us tonight, and now I'd like to invite you to join me in a moment to put you up and you can check out this incredible vehicle for yourself. Thank you.