 The perfect storm. That's three. Groundbreaking, overwhelming and fulfilling. Privilege, challenge, inspiration. Wild, groundbreaking and electric. When we started the project, we were maybe 300, 400 people. In the meantime, we have now grown to 1,500. For projects of this scale, we needed, as I already said, five years. And if we calculate in days, is more than 2,000 days or 250 weekends. And up to now, we spend already more than 1,600,000 hours. Development of car from scratch is actually a marathon, not a sprint. You work for years basically looking just at screens and simulations and data. So you are trying to package the car, work on the aerodynamics, on the crash testing and all of that stuff. And you do thousands of iterations just on screens. Then at some point you have to say, OK, now is the time to start producing tooling and to start producing the first prototypes and so on. So then finally being able to see it in person, like being able to touch and see the car, the parts coming and assembling the car and driving for the first time, that's a big turning point. When you talk about Nevera and the word design, there are many, many things that are included there. And one of them is, of course, engineering, aerodynamic performance, and the design itself. And one of them is, of course, engineering, aerodynamic performance, homologation, production technologies, market requirements, performance targets, pedestrian protection, for example, efficiency and aerodynamics, and of course, the aesthetics of it. And everything then is put together and formed into really nice proportions. For me, one of the most important things that happened during the Nevera development was actually Nevera launch. So we were preparing the car for four months. To get it ready for different journalists. And this moment when we gave cars to several journalists for a first test drive and getting their feedback about the car was really very important for us. Wow, this is unreal. Absolutely unreal. I can't believe that's 260 kph. Frig. Oh, my God. Holy crap. One of the best moments was definitely the day when the company was closed. We had two Neveras and the track reserved. And we took eight engineers and we spent the whole day on track. And we were driving the Nevera only for fun for all of us. And it was after three years of really hard working. But actually, the most memorable moment for me was when I think back about it now, was when the parking lock started to work. So for a long time in the early prototypes, we didn't have a parking lock and the car would roll away when you just park it. So I had to find rocks or something or somebody would have to, you know, somehow put something under the tire that the car does move while I hold the brake before getting out of the car, which makes it pretty difficult to test the car in, you know, when you're on your own or something like that. And then for the first time, we had the parking lock working. That was like, wow, it's becoming a proper car.