 This is Sarah. Sarah just bought the new Hyundai Elantra N-Line, packed with the latest features to make her life easier. Using Blue Link, Sarah can remote start her car, turn on the heated seats, and set the temperature. With Wireless CarPlay, Sarah can keep her phone in her purse and continue texting through the Display Audio Unit without plugging in her phone. Emma said yes, 7.30pm. I'm excited. Would you like to reply? Yes. What do you want to say? Great, see you there. Plus, Sarah can use the new Elantra N-Line to set up her car, turn on the heated seats, and set the temperature. With Wireless CarPlay, Sarah can easily use her favorite music app right inside the Display Unit. Sarah loves her car so much, she convinced her boyfriend, Adam, to buy one too. Adam also got a great one with Hyundai's new Digital Key. With Hyundai Digital Key, Sarah no longer has to wait while Adam searches for his keys. Now, Adam can just use his phone to unlock, start, and drive his car. Hyundai Digital Key even remembers his personal key. Like his integrated memory seat, favorite radio stations, and mirror adjustments. So his Elantra's ready to go right when he hops in the car. Adam also upgraded to the new super-wide 10.25-inch screen. That way, he can easily see multiple apps on the split screen. Nothing better than music and maps at the same time. With Hyundai Digital Key, he can also share a virtual key with a friend. That way, when Ryder's car is in the shop, Adam can easily use the app to connect to his phone. Without disrupting his workday. His key can also be changed to set a time limit for how long the key will work. Which would have been nice to have last time Ryder borrowed his car. Plus, using Dynamic Voice Recognition, he can do things like turn up the temperature, change the radio station, or turn on the heated seats. Now, he can easily change his car's temperature and watch the car in the car. Like, change the radio station, or turn on the heated seats. He can also change his car's temperature and watch the car in the car in the car. He can change the radio station, or turn on the heated seats. Please say a command. Turn on the heated seats. Hyundai, stay connected.