 Come on then Johnny, we've got a full day ahead of us. Now remember this is a twisty turning road, a long way to fall. It'll be fine. What's your first impressions of the Gran Turismo? Nice isn't it? It's better than anything I've ever been in. I tell you what, sitting on this side behind the steering wheel, it's just very very nice to be able to get something that you feel at one with. These are drivers roads. This thing just handles so well. You know we go into this, tight hairpin, James down, turn in. No problem whatsoever. Traction points where you want to go, you squirt the throttle. Boom! Lovely. As a driver they always go on about man and machine being as one. But do you think the driver is just an extension of the car? Yeah I think it's very important that you are in harmony together. With all the power this car has got, 460 horsepower, it handles it absolutely brilliantly. I don't think of you without thinking of that crash in 1988 at Brandtach. Do you still remember that? Yeah. Have flashbacks? What do you remember about it to this day? No flashbacks. I had no negativity of saying this is it. Don't want to race any cars anymore. I still wanted to do it. I thought, I've got it. If I give this all my energies, I know it's going to be very very painful. I know it's going to be a long journey. But I still had, weirdly, an option for Benetton. When I was about a month or so later, they took up the option when I was still in a wheelchair. Amazing. Still in a wheelchair. And they helped push me through. Jonny, you're not a strange to driving Maseratis. 2004? Yeah. What was it? MC12? MC12. What a beautiful piece of kit that was. It just had a, again, just a really nice feeling when you were driving it. The ability to get to the edge. Yeah. It was unbelievable. Here we go then, Jonny. Monaco, baby. Yeah, it's great to be back, eh? Yeah. Ten times you drove around here? Yes. Er, what a tricky little thing she was. But brilliant because it was proper challenging. You must feel like the centre of the world at a Grand Prix when you're driving down here. You're thinking, this is the only place I want to be in the world. This is it. This is the place that has so much history from the greats of Senna and Schumacher and of course going further back to being a fan of the city. Racing at this place. They've all done it. They've all done it and they've all taken high risks. Still one of the best feelings in Grand Prix racing entering this tunnel? I think what gets me is the speed that we exit the tunnel. We're doing about 175 miles an hour. This is this right hander. This is where there's certain ones who can do it flat and there are other ones who can't. They just do not have the confidence to do it. Me, every lap. This is a sports car. A proper sports car. It's just got all the element that you need when you're driving around the mountainous areas that we've sort of been through. And then when it comes down to the slow speed, it's then where the car, through my fingers and through the steering wheel, it then gives back a sense of being alive. And I think being alive is the key. Being alive is something my career has always been part of. There you go. It goes round the corners without a problem at all. You're all nervous about it, but this is what it gives. It just gives that real nice feedback that I think a car should always be able to do. A Mercedes boy in a Maserati. But it shows you, look. What's that mean? What's that mean? I'm just saying you can achieve your dreams. You've achieved your dreams. Look at you. Driving into Cannes. The boy from Dagenham in a Maserati. As an F1 driver, a former F1 driver. You can see that. You've achieved everything you need to achieve. And now we're in Cannes. Is it my go? Just enjoy the views, Simon. Look. Just enjoy the views while I look ahead. I'd enjoy it more from behind the steering wheel. I will give you a chance. Maybe one day I will. Or maybe not. Okay. Here you are. Thanks, man. Let me see me off? Yeah, anything. No, thanks, kids. Hi. Bye-bye. Have a great bike day and scallop with me. See for yourselves. Thanks, picture. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.