 Good evening everyone here and out there on the internet. My name is Franz von Holzhausen. I lead the design team here at Tesla and I'm excited to welcome you to the Tesla Design Studio here in Hawthorne, California. We are here tonight to talk about Model 3. But we wouldn't be here without years of intense drive and passion from the Tesla team and leadership on an unwavering mission. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of all of my colleagues here at Tesla, it is my honor to welcome to the stage Mr. Elon Musk. Hey everyone. Thank you. All right. Welcome everyone. Welcome everyone to the Model 3 unveil. We have an amazing product to show you tonight. I think you're going to be blown away. But I want to start talking, just preface this by talking about why are we doing this? Why does Tesla exist? Why are we making electric cars? Why does it matter? It's because it's very important to accelerate the transition to sustainable transport. It really, really, really is. This is really important for the future of the world. We have record high CO2 levels. We recently passed over 403 parts per million of CO2 in the atmosphere. You can see the chart, and it looks like a vertical line, and it's still climbing. And the last time there was this level of carbon concentration was 11 million years ago. That was approximately when primates started walking upright. The world was very different. We do not want to return to that situation. And what happens? And what happens? And what happens? And what that CO2 increase results in is a steadily increasing temperature. So we've already increased by two degrees. In fact, that doesn't tell the whole story, because the extremes of temperature increase by as much as 20 degrees. And that line is going to keep going for some time into the future. It's really important. It makes a difference if we accelerate the transition to sustainable transport. And beyond global warming, there's just the fact that combustion cars, as I said, are very powerful. emit toxic gases. And according to an MIT study, there are 53,000 deaths per year in the U.S. alone from auto emissions. So it stands to reason that if a vehicle is spewing toxic gas, that's obviously bad for your health. And so to address this, what we came up with for Tesla was what we called the secret master plan. So this is the first blog that I ever wrote for the company. And it was originally a three-step. It was originally a trilogy. Now it's a four-part trilogy, as it turns out. But we needed to figure out how could we, as a tiny company with very few resources, actually make a difference? And the only way to do this was to start small, to start with a low-volume car, which is why we started with the Tesla Roadster. So with any new technology, it takes multiple iterations, and it takes economies of scale before you can make it great and affordable. So step one was the Roadster. The Roadster was high-priced. It was very cheap and low-volume. But where it really made a difference was that it showed people, it showed the world that you could make a compelling electric car. You could make a great electric car. What was unique about the Roadster was it was the first really great electric car. And before the Roadster, people thought an electric car would be slow and ugly and low-range and have bad performance. And we had to break that mold. It was incredibly important to show that that wasn't true. And so we made the Roadster, which is fast, it's beautiful, it's great performance. For those of you who bought the Roadster, thank you. So it was, and we only made 500 units a year because that's all we really could make for the Roadster. But it had a very leveraged effect. In fact, Bob Lutz, the former vice chairman of GM, actually credits the Roadster with the Chevy Volt program, which then led to the Nissan Leaf program. And really, even though we were making very few cars, it actually had quite a huge leveraged effect on the auto industry. But there was still a lot more to do. And a lot of people said, well, the Roadster's nice, but it's sort of a toy and it's very expensive. And you couldn't really make a car that people would use every day or a car that could really compete against the great combustion engine. There's really this natural grind and this Texas, and Dalton, all the niceอr From that point of vibration that's just přírokar said, you can do better than nothing in terms of how many cars buyer can buy. And it wasn't a good idea, the reaction from khác or the veracity of parallels where there's no 100ories you get. But eventually, schwerass and two of you refused to do it right. And then there's very few cars that came out, and it was unagreed to me. But, you know, it's a great sedan. It can seat up to seven people, five adults and two kids. It's tested by Road & Track and Motor Trend and others as the fastest four-door car in history, ever. And it's got great handling. It's got great technology. It's got things like autopilot. And it really, it was rated by almost every group as the best car in its year and by Consumer Reports as the best car ever. Yeah. And again, the reason for that is not just to achieve some superlative in cars, but to show what an electric car can do. Because nobody believed that an electric car could do this. So what was really important was to show, the reason it was important was not to achieve, you know, awards or anything like that. It was to just show the car industry, show the world that an electric car really can be the best car. That's what really, really mattered. And now, for cars, about half the market wants a sedan and about half the market wants an SUV. So we thought, well, we'll extend the Model S platform into the Model X. And what'll will that be? So I'm excited about that to see whether or not we'll gain those delicate numbers. If you get us the convictions, these are the closing 안 nation. Thanks, Bill. If we come back, if we come back with a new model called Model 3, and I need to talk with you about some downloads of your boards today, and then we're gonna be looking at everybody else who has to be a part of this, how do you do that? And it's a wonderful experience. How does a full... an S or an X, thank you for helping pay for the Model 3. So the Model 3 is happening because of you. And so we actually have an S and an X on the side there and has of course the FalconWig doors, which did cause us some challenges, but now they're working. So now then going from the S and the X, we finally come to step three, or the final step in the master plan, which is a mass market affordable car. It was only possible to do that after going through the prior steps, but we're here and we're here to show that to you tonight. So I'm gonna describe some of the aspects of the Model 3 and then we'll, yeah, so let's move to describing. So let's show the master plan again. Okay, so that's the master plan with steps two and 2.5. And now going to the Model 3. First of all, I wanna show you a few things. So the Model 3 is the model of the FalconWig. I'm gonna show you the model of the FalconWig. And I wanna start off by saying the Model 3 is gonna be an incredibly safe car. We really believe at Tesla that safety has to come first. We care about you, we want you to be safe, we want your friends and family to be safe. This is paramount. The Model 3 will not just be five star on average, it'll be five star in every category. And even the base Model 3 will do zero to 60 miles an hour or zero to 100 kilometers an hour in less than six, six hours. Six seconds. At Tesla, we don't make slow cars. And of course, there will be versions of the Model 3 that go much faster. And in terms of range, the range will be at least an EPA rating of 215 miles. I wanna emphasize these are minimum numbers. We hope to exceed them. It will also, all Model 3s will come standard with autopilot hardware. And all the autopilot safety features will be present in every car that you don't, you won't need to buy an option. The autopilot safety features will always be there. So. The Model 3 also fits five adults. It's the SUV. The痛력у Also, даже у тех, lift utter Nerd, But using this standard Julian, taking a standing higher seat in the cold season and riding a bit DIsces for well over four times usually seems to convince men and women of the answer that their body is pulling extra metres or a little lower. Not entirely, UMICAT said they're the same guy. If you look at some of their Savior cars, it looks a little bit Bangladesh. I think his carsCreerre,hood açerir悠 the instrument panel, when you do your rides tonight, you'll see what I mean. You're sitting a little further forward. It actually feels great on the front seats. That's what gives you the leg room to have five adults. And so you have the first and second row have plenty of leg room. Then on the rear roof areas, actually one continuous pane of glass. And the reason that that's great is because it gives you amazing headroom and a feeling of openness. So it has, I think by far, the best feeling, best roominess of any car in this size. Then in addition, it has, just like the Model S, it has a front and rear trunks. So you can, it has more cognitive capacity than any gasoline car of the same external dimensions. And yeah. And you can actually, somebody asked me this question, somebody asked me this question recently, is can you fit a seven foot long surfboard on the inside? The answer is yes, you can. Yeah. Then with respect to supercharging, all Model 3s will come with supercharging standard. Yeah. So the reason supercharging is very important, as many of you know, is that it gives you freedom of travel. Okay. It means you can conveniently go where you want, where you want, how you want. And a lot about having a car is it's about freedom. It's about going where you want to go. That's it. And so the superchargers are critical to that. So we're now at the point where we've built out over 3,600 superchargers worldwide. And about the same number, about the same number of destination charges. That's present day. By the end of next year, we will double the number of superchargers. And quadruple the number of destination charges. So you will be able to go virtually anywhere. And in fact, because the onboard charge of the Model S is able to adapt to any country's voltage and amperage, wherever you go in the world, if there's electricity, you can charge. So then what about buying and servicing? So where we are today with Tesla is we've got 215 locations in Asia, North America, and Europe. And by the end of next year, we expect to more than double that to 441 locations. So, the key point being, almost no matter where you are, in North America, Europe, or Asia, if you're near any even mid-sized metro area, you'll be able to buy a car and get your car serviced. Now, how are we gonna make these cars? Okay, good question. We need to achieve high volume production. So this is in two parts. First, there is the vehicle factory. So our Fremont factory, in the past, has actually made, almost 500,000 cars a year. So we're confident that Tesla can achieve that number in the future in terms of vehicle production. So I think that's gonna be, I wouldn't say straightforward, but very doable. And then what about batteries? Because in order to produce half a million cars a year, we would actually need the same battery production, we basically need to absorb the entire world's low-energy energy. So we need to have a battery that's as high as the world's, and we need to have a battery that's as high as the world's, and we need to have a battery that's as high as the world's, lithium-ion production. That's why we are building the Gigafactory. These are the recent pictures of the Gigafactory. This is a vital element. So to give you a sense of scale, the Gigafactory will actually have the largest footprint of any building of any kind. Okay? Volumetrically, it will only be second to the Boeing factory in Washington. So this is, this is really quite an enormous facility. In fact, it will produce more lithium-ion batteries than all other factories in the world combined. In just one location. So we're talking about 50 gigawatt hours a year of production. And it won't just be at that volume, it will also be producing the most advanced cell and battery in the world. So it's the combination of high volume with the most advanced technology. And that's what enables us to make the Model 3. And we already, it's already operational today. So when, when are deliveries? Well, they're next year. So. So I do feel fairly confident that it will be next year. Yeah. And then in terms of price, well, of course, it'll be $35,000. And I want to emphasize, I want to emphasize that the, even if you buy no options at all, this will still be an amazing car. You will not be able to buy a better car for $35,000 or even close, even if you, if you get no options. So it's, it's a really good car even with no options. Yeah. All right. So do you want to see the car? Yeah. Thank you. Well, we don't have it for you tonight. I'm just kidding. Of course. It's April Fool's somewhere. All right, let's bring them out. Okay. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Okay. All right. Well, I think so. Because that's what it means. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. That's it. All right. See ya. All right. See ya. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. I'm going home. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So what do you think? You like the car? You good? All right. And this is kind of crazy, but I just learned, I was just told that the total number of orders for the Model 3 in the past 24 hours has now passed 115,000. Thank you. So... So... Hold on. You did it. You did it. Thank you. That's a lot, yeah. So thank you to everyone that ordered the car. We love you. And for those of you that are here, please enjoy your rides tonight in the Model 3. And for those online, you can order at tesla.com. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.