 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Shiro. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. the car's inspired performance capabilities. For example, the twin-display central information center with Infinity InTouch Next Generation telematics provides integration of smartphone apps in a way that is safe and easy to use while driving. The advanced Infinity Safety Shield systems add an extra layer of driver and occupant protection. And the new Q50 also features the world's first technology on a production automobile, direct adaptive steering. This new steering technology electronically transmits the driver's intentions to the wheels faster than a mechanical system and allows customization to the driver's preferred settings. Someday all cars will use this technology, but today you can only get it on an Infinity. You will hear more details on this and other technology as we progress towards the Q50's late summer, new Q50. The new Q50 will be launched in the summer of 2013, North American on sale date. As a truly global car, sales will start subsequently in Europe, China, and the rest of the world. Building a new Infinity brand is, of course, a bold undertaking and one that we are eagerly pursuing. But as you will see over the coming months and years, it is one that we will achieve. The stunning new Q50 presents a tremendous opportunity for us. We have sold over 700,000 of the previous generation to date, making it one of the best-selling cars in its segment globally and also the number one selling car for Infinity. But there is room beyond the Q50 to move up and room to revitalize the Infinity brand along with it. In addition, we have the opportunity to create a new Q50. In addition to investing into new products, we will also expand our production base to three continents. We are building a solid reputation for quality, customer care, and cutting-edge technology. And yet, with all this progress, Infinity proudly remains a challenger brand. We know where we are today, and we know where we want to be tomorrow. Yes. We have a long and challenging journey ahead of us. We are going to continue to work hard to create a brand that will be a symbol of our future. The new Infinity Q50 is a hint of the fascinating products that will punctuate our future and elevate the stature of the brand. Thank you. For now, I would like to invite Shiro back to the stage for some photographs and also invite you to come and take a closer look at the Infinity Q50. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please join us on stage for a closer look. Please visit our product specialists for more information. Well, we've just seen the reveal for Infinity's all-new Q50 being seen for the first time here at the Detroit Auto Show. And now we're lucky enough to have with us from Infinity, Ben Kaur. And Ben, why is the Q50 so important for Infinity? Well, this is going to be launched into the biggest market in luxury. There's about 500,000 cars sold. It's going to be a huge market. It's going to be one of the biggest markets where it competes. So it represents about 30% of all luxury cars sold in America. It's been our number one seller in this segment before, and it'll quickly convert into our number one seller again. It's just that important. It's so... It's actually the way that most customers come into luxury. And there are so many cool features on the Q50. What are some of your favorite? You know, I think it starts with the styling. You look at the eye of the car, I call it the headlight. It's our new signature headlamp. Literally almost has a soul to it. You can just... It just follows you in. You just want to almost eat the car. It's so compelling. But you know, then it takes that to performance. It'll have two power trains in the Q50. Not only our standard 3.7 liter, which we're going to target more fuel economy, but for the first time ever, we're going to have a hybrid power train where we'll target the best combination of fuel economy and horsepower available in America anywhere. I think the other thing that is really exciting to me is the way you can customize the Q50. So luxury today. You know? You can customize these kinds of smartphones or something similar. We like to customize them. And in a sense, we're used to that in luxury. Well with the Q50, you'll be able to do exactly that. You'll be able to customize all the drive settings so you can change the steering dynamics, the characteristics of the torque, the characteristics of the engine, and really personalize that driving for you. Not only that, you'll be able to have a suite of apps available directly in your car, just like you do your smartphone today. Right? So everything from Yelp to, well, you name it, you'll be able to do that inside the Q50. There are so many neat details to go over in the Q50. Obviously, too many for us to tell about now. So what else can people find out more about the Q50? I think the best thing to do is really go to infinityusa.com. There you can get information, and we're posting in our microsite right now more details. But throughout the day, if anyone has questions at all in Facebook or Twitter, please send them through. We're going to be answering all day long. There'll be posting all day long. There'll be great discussion going on. That's the next place to go. Sounds like so much fun. Ben, thank you so much for taking the time to be with us today. We appreciate it. Great. Thank you. And if you have missed the reveal this morning, don't worry. You can view it in its entirety on Infinity's Facebook page. And don't forget to start sending in those questions. As Ben just mentioned, they are going to have Infinity representatives live on Facebook, Twitter to start answering your questions. Once again, from the Cobo Center. Here in Detroit. I'm Kelly Stavis. Thanks so much for watching. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.