 Introducing the all-new BMW 7 Series, the flagship of BMW. It embodies everything BMW stands for and features a great deal of innovations you've never seen before. Now you might be thinking of some kind of special agent Hollywood movie, but this is BMW technology available today. The all-new BMW 7 Series can automatically pull in and out of your garage and a narrow parking space. All you need to do is press this button on the display key. Now a number of sensors are available. These sensors ensure that your BMW 7 Series can securely pull in and out of the parking space by automatically supervising braking, acceleration and steering. Once settled in, there's no need to sit inside the car. The engine turns off automatically. Starting and killing the engine is of course done remotely with the display key. This is how luxury should look like today. High quality materials, craftsmanship, beautifully designed, you immediately feel comfortable. Now BMW designed it as a place of comfort and well-being, but it will also set the pace when it comes to innovations. Now just sitting here in the driver's seat lets you realize the car's driving qualities will be outstanding, both in comfort and dynamics. Very impressive is also the way to interact with the all-new BMW 7 Series. A never seen before feature, you can operate the system via simple hand gestures. So you can keep your eyes on the road. There are four predefined gestures. And an adaptive steering. Lifting smiley face Location And you have an all-new dial button. It's an all-new buttons. You can flip the dial to select one. You can enjoy the game, while DOWNLOAD.しくgroove You can aim for the camera with the app like the new car. There are 120 characters,控点 π pre-setting Show me the next gas station on my way. There have never been so many options to operate the car. The all-new BMW 7 Series comes with the next generation head-up display, increased in size by 75% and with new graphics. Before I show you the next level of comfort, this is the wireless charging function. No more cables necessary. The executive lounge is the perfect place to work and to relax. If you still have some work to do, just use the integrated table and enjoy the silence of the car. Another new and innovative feature is BMW Touch Command. Now this tablet computer performs all usual tasks you would expect from a tablet, but it is also your remote control to a great number of comfort, entertainment and navigation functions. And after a hard day's work, use the tablet to kick in the vitality program or to use the massage seats. You wish to relax? Change the seat position, the interior lights or operate the air conditioning. You can operate entertainment options and then check your messages. All in all, you have 24 different functions at your command with BMW Touch Command. By using the BMW Touch Command tablet, you can change the seating position of the executive lounge. The perfect position to enjoy another stunning novelty. Now the sky lounge underlines the luxurious atmosphere during nighttime driving. More than 15,000 light patterns in the glass create an exceptional interior light ambience. Now the light patterns match to the six different colors of the magnificent ambient light. And the ambient highlight further enhances the lounge character. Now to complete this luxurious experience for all of your senses, the all-new BMW 7 Series features the ambient air package with eight different fragrances to choose from. To give you an impressive entrance and exit, the all-new BMW 7 Series is equipped with the new welcome light carpet. It elegantly illuminates the collateral areas of the car with white light patterns. Speaking of light, this is the next generation of headlight technology. BMW LaserLight improves visibility and light distribution by a considerable margin. Now compared to a standard LED high beam, the beam range doubles from 300 up to 600 meters. Improved visibility even extends to curvy roads thanks to CurveLight. While at the same time, the selective beam doesn't dazzle upcoming traffic. You know it's a BMW 7 Series with LaserLight when you see the all-new BMW 7 Series. The headlight is a blue line in the headlights. The kidney grille not only underlines the strong presence of the front, but contributes to lower consumption and CO2 emissions. Now depending on the engine temperature, the additional flaps with chrome bars open or close to improve the drag coefficient. BMW was the first one to put carbon fiber into a production car. Just think of BMW i or BMW m. Now carbon fiber comes to the all-new BMW 7 Series. Selected sections of the body structure have been fitted with carbon fiber parts. As part of the efficient lightweight strategy, they contribute to an overall weight reduction of up to 130 kilograms over the predecessor. And they make the structure extremely rigid. As a result, the effortless feeling of driving is unmatched in this segment. It goes without saying that the BMW 7 Series is the best car in the world. It's the best car in the world. It's the best car in the world. It's the best car in the world. It goes without saying that the all-new BMW 7 Series is equipped with the latest driver assistant functions by BMW Connected Drive. For one, there is the lane keeping assistant with the active side collision protection for improved safety. And there are also the traffic jam assistant and the steering and lane control assistant that automatically keeps you in your lane for speeds up to 210 kilometers an hour. Now that's a huge step towards autonomous driving. A further new feature that elevates comfort and driving dynamics onto another level is Executive Drive Pro. Active chassis components keep the car in perfect balance. In curves, the car stays nearly horizontal and longitudinal body movement can be minimized. This stereo camera delivers information of the road condition to the car, so it can react to road bumps at lower speeds. It's needless to say that the driver of the all-new BMW 7 Series is a true legend. It has access to a multitude of connected drive services, established and proven ones, such as internet access, real-time traffic information and a favorable concierge service, but also new ones like gesture command and remote control parking. And just a few months after the all-new BMW 7 Series launch, an eDrive version will set a new benchmark for efficiency in its class. You can expect no more than 49 grams of CO2 emissions per kilometer. The new BMW 7 Series is a new car that will be a new generation of the BMW 7 Series. It will be a new car that will be a new generation of the BMW 7 Series. It will be a new car that will be a new generation of the BMW 7 Series. For more information, especially about the packages M Sport and Design Pure Excellence, please visit BMW.com slash 7 Series.