 Combining cutting-edge and world-first technologies, the 2017 Acura NSX is the only supercar designed, developed, and manufactured in the U.S. with production exclusively at the Performance Manufacturing Center in Marysville, Ohio. A precision-crafted tour de force, the NSX showcases groundbreaking production techniques in body construction, engine development, body painting, assembly, and vehicle quality. When we embarked on this project, we said, what do we want this car to be? What we ended up realizing is a new level of craftsmanship. The heart and soul of the NSX is its powerful 3.5 liter engine. It's a new generation of the NSX. It's a new generation of the NSX. It's a new generation of the NSX. It's a new generation of the NSX. It's an engine that was created by the owner of the NSX. It's a new generation of the NSX. The NSX was created by a four-liter, twin-turbocharged V6 engine built in the nearby Anna Engine Plant, each one taking six hours to build and balance, each one the work of a single master engine builder. We wanted that craftsmanship and that feeling of ownership from the associate. It's huge because they know essentially their name is on that engine. Our mantra is either zero defects or 100% pass. There are no inbetweens. Everything has to be perfect. Each power unit comprising engine, nine-speed dual clutch transmission with direct drive electric motor and front twin motor unit is bench tested and broken in to ensure that every NSX is ready when the customer receives it. We evaluate every gear, the individual components we single out. I bring the engine in to the break-in area here at QSD and we break it in to run it at 2,000 rpm for five minutes, 3,000 rpm for 20 minutes and then 4,000 rpm for another 20 minutes. We can collect all data and ensure quality so the customer can go to the lot, pick it up and tear out of the driveway. The weld department showcases all robotic MIG welding. Eight robots applying approximately 900 MIG welds with surgical accuracy and precision. It is a hundred percent automated process, primary for maintaining the weld and structural integrity. No one else rotates the entire car. By doing that we're able to access all sides of the car to get the highest body accuracy possible. No matter how many times I walk past it, I just, my hair stands looking at the entire 20 and spinning around and lying that robot to weld at its perfect angle. The NSX's unique synergy of man and machine is also embodied in its paint process. As you go to paint, we have a combination of robotics and manual application in order to achieve the finish that this level of customer expects. The whole concept of just painting the exterior panel separately and achieving that jewel-like paint finish on each exterior panel gives me goosebumps. When it comes to the NSX's assembly, hand craftsmanship complements high-tech robotic processes. Every bolt is hand started by a master technician. We have 12 stations online with 14 people building the car, so it takes about an hour per process to complete what needs to be done. And there's just a lot of the different things that we do to try to make sure this car is the crafted car that it should be. Finally, technicians from every department monitor every aspect of the vehicle's quality. In the last one to touch the car, it's up to us to make sure the car is perfect when it leaves here. They'll finish up their chassis visual, alignment, headlight adjust, their dyno test, shaker booth, and then shower test. We started from the ground up developing a vehicle from a blank sheet of paper into this amazing car. It's extremely rewarding because the NSX is such an iconic vehicle, has such an iconic heritage. time you drive it you have this sensory overload of like wow we built this. To me the NSX is an epiphany. This car is awesome.