 Hi, my name is Beatrice Simonsen and I'm product manager for our first pure electric SUV, the new Volvo XC40 Recharge. It's based on our award-winning compact luxury SUV, the XC40 and Recharge to give you the best experience with no compromises. With a clear SUV identity, the XC40 Recharge brings you new levels of innovation, performance and sustainability. It's designed for an active urban lifestyle and created with one mission, to give you the freedom to move in a personal, sustainable and in a safe way. Before we dive into the technology inside, let's take a look at the outside. The XC40 Recharge is a true SUV, with a powerful stance and sporty expression. At the front of the car, the clamshell hood, together with the dramatic surface area, works very well with the new colour coordinated covered grille. This is to emphasise the new era of electric cars. At the same time, the covered grille improves the car's aerodynamics. The side has a strong sculptured profile. The kick in the rear including the glossy black design, the contrasting black roof and the embossed Recharge logo are distinctive statements of electrification. The rear wheels are wider to optimise performance and looks. Especially for the XC40 Recharge, we created these sporty wheels, in diamond cut design. They are available in both 19 and 20 inches. To further emphasise our new line of advanced pure electric cars, we added the P8 AVD Recharge Rank Mark. P to connect with pure and the digit 8 to reflect the car's battery capacity. Eight exterior colours are available for you to create your own personal, XC40 Recharge. Like this one in Glacier Silver, or why not the new colour Sage Green, for a more trendy, earthy look. In the load compartment, we didn't make any compromises. The generous load volume above the load floor is the same 413 litres as in the previous XC40. The rear seats can be folded flat and the partial shelf can be stored underneath the load floor when not in use. When you need to transport a lot of things or tow a trailer, the car offers a towing capacity of 1500 kg. The powerful electric motors and all-wheel drive makes it easy to tow, even in difficult road conditions. And the tow bar is easy to use. We have created even more space for you. Since the XC40 Recharge is a pure electric car, we have also created an extra storage space for you. Here you can find the rear seats, the rear seats and the rear seats. All of this can be stored in one place, and the rear seats, as well as the door, are all of the same. The rear seats are all of the same. car we freed up space in the front. Here you can put your charging cables, a bag or washing fluid for instance. Under the floor you'll find the spare kit. The interior is as spacious and comfortable as in the previous XC40. Thanks to clever battery design we didn't have to compromise. Everyone can enjoy generous legroom and headroom even in the rear seat. The interior design adds to a sporty in-command driving experience. With the seats in Chacon-Nappa leather and Nubuck textile and the cutting-edge aluminum decor it creates one of the four interior themes. Of course we will also offer a leather-free upholstery. There's plenty of smart storage solutions for your car. If you're looking for a car that's comfortable and comfortable, you can also choose the XC40 Recharge. The XC40 Recharge is a great option for your belongings like the spacious door bins, the 15 watt inductive charger for your phone, the removable storage bin and the hook for your takeaway. Everything to make your life easier. With the XC40 Recharge we also take a big step in providing a more personal and connected experience. We're not going to connect with the XC40 Recharge. Our goal was to give people the same kind of intuitive experience in the car as they're used to on their phone. So when we created our new infotainment system we partnered with the best in the field, Google. The car's infotainment system is powered by Android and features helpful apps including the Google Assistant, Google Maps and Google Play. Google Maps helps you to connect to your phone and your phone's computer. You can also connect to your phone's computer. This helps you reach your next destination faster with real-time traffic info, automatic rerouting and voice control. Naturally, Google Maps also offers a lot of useful information for an electric car, including range, estimated battery level when you reach your destination and finding charging stations along your route. Hey Google, find charging stations nearby. There are two electric vehicle stations nearby. Do you want to go there? The Google Assistant helps you get more done hands-free and it's standard in the XC40 Recharge. Hit the road with Google Assistant, send messages, play music and control your car using just your voice in an easy and intuitive way. Hey Google, how's the traffic to work? A new way to work. Traffic is light as usual. It is 23 minutes, but it's not too late. You can also use the Google Assistant to control your car. And because the car is connected to the internet, you can do web searches and interact with any devices that support the Google Assistant. For instance, you can control devices at home from your car. Hey Google, turn off the lights at home. Sure, turning off 15 lights. The car also features Google Play, giving you access to apps that have been adapted for in-car use for a more convenient and fun life on the road. The user interface offers a much improved experience. We have also updated the displays with new graphic design and new functions, especially developed for an electric car. The driver is even more in focus and can easily tailor the displays to their needs and driving situation. There are three distinct driver display modes, Calm, Navi and Car-Centric. Of course, essential driver information is shown in all modes, just like information about battery capacity and range. And the center display touchscreen is equally updated, with customizable tiles giving you even more intuitive and smoother control of the car's functions while driving. Another thing that will make life easier is over-the-air updates. You no longer have to visit the workshop to get the latest in-car software updates. You'll simply get a message in the car's display and can select the time to update the car. If you're interested in more information, please visit the website below. It's all about making life less complicated. Thanks to the car's powerful battery, you can always enter a comfortable cabin, no matter if it's hot or cold outside. You can even pre-activate your heated seats and steering wheel with your Volvo OnCall app. All you have to do to access and drive away is to click the button on the right side of the screen. And that's it. You can now use the app to access your car's battery. You can also use the app to carry your key. Don't bother looking for the start button, because there is none. In fact, it's integrated in the seat as a sensor. So once seated, just press the brake pedal, choose your gear, and off you go. It can't be easier. Our pure electric XC40 Recharge really takes driving to a new level. The electric powertrain is at the heart of the driving experience. The dual, high-performing, 480 hp electric motors provide a really inspiring and refined drive. The instant torque of 660 Newton meters means you can accelerate from zero to 150 kmph in just 1 minute. That's it. I hope you enjoyed this video, and if you want further car reviews, you can follow us on our website. The instant torque of 660 Newton meters means you can accelerate from zero to 100 kmph in just 1 minute. kilometers per hour in 4.9 seconds and you can enjoy smooth linear acceleration at all speeds in silence and with zero tailpipe emissions no compromise just a truly inspiring drive front and rear electric motors also give an even weight distribution and together they provide all wheel drive stability in all conditions the power is instantly distributed between the rear and front wheels for maximum traction and stability on all roads and in all weathers the electric powertrain also offers the benefits of regenerative braking and one pedal drive instead of using the regular brakes for braking the electric motors are used to slow down the speed at the same time it can be used on the road and on the road and in many conditions the electric power train they recharge the battery to provide a longer range. One pedal drive means you only use the accelerator. Press for acceleration, release for braking. This brings a more relaxed drive in the city and a more intuitive control. The battery is large, so you don't have to charge it so often. The high voltage 78 kWh battery gives you a projected range of over 400 km. This makes it the perfect electric car in the city, as well as for longer distances. The battery also lowers the center of gravity, stiffens the body and gives it an even weight distribution. And it helps to reduce road noise. Together, all this makes the car even more fun and comfortable to drive. When you need to fill up the XC40 recharge, it goes quick and easy. At the 150 kW fast charging DC station, for example, you can fill up the battery from 0 to 80% within around 40 minutes. And if you charge at home, you can charge the battery easily overnight with the 3-phase wall box. The Volvo On Call app gives full control of battery status and charging. The battery is a 3-phase wall box. For us at Volvo Cars, safety is always at the core of everything we do. Our commitment to help and protect in traffic has been with us since the start in 1927. And with the XC40 recharge, we have created one of the safest cars on the road. The complete body structure, the crumple zones, the seats and the car restraint system. Everything interacts to help protect everyone inside the car if an accident cannot be avoided. With electrification, the combustion engine has been removed. And with that, we needed to rethink the car's front structure. The redesigned front structure is designed to protect the occupants in the car. But also to help reduce the effects on the occupants in the other car. Being an electric car, the XC40 recharge also features a large high voltage battery. The battery is safely embedded in the car's floor structure. And it is protected by its own unique safety cage. Which helps keep you and the battery safe. But the best way to stay safe is always trying to avoid an accident. So with the XC40 recharge, we introduced our new driver assist platform. This system features the next generation of cameras, radars and ultrasonic sensors. That help keep a constant outlook, day or night. It can detect vehicles, pedestrians, cars, cars. Cyclists. And if needed, it can alert you, apply auto braking and even help you steer away to avoid a collision. And to help keep you in control, this technology can provide gentle driver support from standstill up to highway speeds. This new system is also prepared for future innovations. That will make your everyday driving easier, more relaxed and more safe. The XC40 recharge is there to support you. And if necessary, to help protect you. Just as you would expect from one of the world's safest cars. The XC40 recharge, pure electric, delivers like no other on both sustainability and a powerful driving experience. And last but not least on safety for everyone inside and outside the car. No compromises. This is just our most inspiring and caring Scandinavian compact luxury car. Theξury SUV.