 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 That's so much fun, I love it. A core moment for this company. 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 Hi, I'm Laura. I'm here at the BMW Driving Experience in Maisach bei Munich. It's quite early as you can see. I just passed security. Because today it's gonna be a big day. Aww! I will get the chance to drive a BMW. I'm gonna try the new BMW i4 and I will take you with me. Let's go, we check it out. 🎵 🎵 Hello, Laura. Hey, David. I'm so super excited about today. Yes, exactly. Because it is the first pre-production BMW i4. Can't wait to experience it. Now let's start. Let's go. 🎵 You know how you can identify an electrical car? Not really. By this. Wow! Okay, now I know. 🎵 Okay, so now we change to sport. Wow! Now we go for first in comfort. This is still comfort? It's still comfort. So now we change to sport. Wow! David! 🎵 Coming from the steering system, we have high precision here in the car. One of the prerequisites to reach this kind of target is to put the center of gravity very low in this car. To have a long wheelbase, a wide track width in the rear side and in the front side. It's a very important part of the car. It's very important to design a specific camber values for the wheels. So the agility is very perfect. And the agility increase very fast to the laser like precision, what I'm calling. Yes. 🎵 You are the project leader of the i4. So that's a huge challenge I guess. How was it for you? From the very beginning, I developed the BMW i4 as a full electric battery car. Of course, there is a large team behind. From development to production. And my job is to bring it all together. It's a full electric coupe, so that's very special. The BMW i4 combines the best of two eras. On the one side, the BMW i4 is an emotional car. With a high sportiness in terms of driving dynamics. On the other side, the BMW i4 transfers the high brand contribution into the electric age. Using cutting edge technology in terms of electric drive, digitalization, user experience and high connectivity. Oh wow, that's so much fun. I love it. 🎵 Yes, one more. One more. 🎵 Woohoo! Yay! 100 points. 100 points to them. 🎵 That's so much fun. I love it. 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 The design of the BMW i4 started with a vision. 🎵 Actually, with this one. The BMW Vision Next 100. And this show car was showing what BMW stands for. A four-door sporty saloon, packed with everything what the future will bring. 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 2017, we presented the BMW i Vision Dynamics. With this vision car, we wanted to focus on one promise we made with the Vision Next 100. That electrification arrives in the core of BMW. 🎵 On top of this, we also showcased a new form language. Which is very clean. With some precise lines. And some aerodynamic features. All of this you can see also in the BMW Concept i4. Which is very close to the production i4. 🎵 The two most important icons of the BMW are the double kidney and the twin headlights. The kidney is executed in a vertical way. Which is rooted in our history. In the past, it was the opening of the cooling system. And now, as an electrified car. The kidneys are closed. But in the future, we still believe that the kidney is the biggest differentiator to our customers. 🎵 With intelligence and autonomous driving, we need to implement a lot of sensors. The kidney is the ideal position where we can combine brand identity and technology in a very intelligent way. 🎵 Even as an emission-free car, a BMW should be highly emotional in the rear end. We achieved this with three elements. Very clean surfacing with some precise lines and strong shoulders. Then, two rear lights which are very sculptural executed. Then, the bottom of the rear end, we established a new icon for our future electrified BMW vehicles. It's the aero diffuser. 🎵 It brings the focus to aero efficiency. And the promise that electrified vehicles will be always highly dynamic as well. 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 It's a very special moment when a vision becomes a reality. 🎵 I come from Bolivia. When I was 10 years old, watching a program about BMW, I set myself the goal. One day driving a BMW. One day working at BMW. One day developing a BMW of the future. And 42 years later, me and my team are developing a fantastic, amazing car. Even fully electric. 🎵 A vehicle that's true to the BMW values. A vehicle that's not aiming to be a niche in the market. But for a high volume production. 🎵 But instead to build a new plant. The BMW i4 is being built with other models in the existing production lines. It was the largest assembly rebuilt of the history of the BMW home plant. Which goes back almost 100 years. The team around plant manager Robert Engelhorn produces every day combustion vehicles, plug-in hybrid vehicles, and full electric battery vehicles here on the same assembly line. 🎵 The construction of the new BMW i4 sets completely new challenges. Especially the new electric drivetrain and the new high voltage battery. We don't take these parts off the shelf. We not only develop these parts ourselves. 🎵 We even produce these parts ourselves because we are BMW. We are the Bayerische Motorenwerke. 🎵 Bringing electromobility to the heart of the BMW brand. That's exactly what we are doing here, right now. A core moment for this company. 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵