 Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Group Vice President and General Manager, Toyota Division, Bob Carter. Good morning everyone and thanks for spending a part of your day with us. I'm happy to be here in New York because it's home to the world's greatest auto show. And it's also one of the oldest auto shows. We're going to be introducing a total of 19 new or updated products this year alone under the Toyota, Scion, and Lexus brands. And the car I'm about to show you is one of those. This is a car that captures Toyota President Akio Toyoda's vision for more exciting vehicles. It's designed, engineered, manufactured, sold, and serviced here in New York. It's an all-new premium midsize sedan that's going to attract a wide range of buyers. Now it's my pleasure to introduce a fantastic new vehicle. A car that's going to lead the way to an exciting new era of design and driving enthusiasm for Toyota. Now as gorgeous as this car is, I can assure you it's only the beginning of terrific things to come. Styled by Calti Design in California, Michigan, it's modern, athletic, and elegant. It has a unique slim upper grille and a large exotic lower grille. And it has advanced dual square projector lamps. At the rear, it has a dramatic rear view. It has dramatic LED tail lights that convey a wide yet aggressive stance. It offers an extremely well-designed interior. And actually provides more passenger space than a BMW 5 Series. The cabin provides ample legroom, rear seat room, both for rear seat passengers as well as great headroom in the front for front seat passengers. And there's also an abundance of technology. It has capacitive touch controls for the climate settings and audio. Full color displays. And a charging area for your handheld devices. It has paddle shifters that are actually mounted on a leather stitched steering wheel. And there's also an unmatched list of technology driven safety features including the best in class 10 airbags. A blind spot monitor with cross traffic detection. As well as a pre-collision system. The car rides on a 111 inch wheel base. Has V6 power and excellent mileage. In addition to normal and eco modes, this new model also has a sport mode for more aggressive throttle response and dynamic steering. It's beginning a new era of vehicle development in the U.S. for the American market. And this will be the new flagship of the Toyota brand when it goes on sale just a little later this year. Now I've talked a lot about this car. But there's one thing we haven't told you. It's name. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm very pleased to announce that this is the all new Avalon. Applause. And thank you again for your time. Thank you again for your time today.