 The first time I rode in a competitor's SUV, I was working on handling for Lexus sports sedan. Honestly, I was surprised at how limited the practical driving performance of the competitor's SUV was. I wanted to create a much better SUV, and when development started, I told the related engineers and vehicle evaluation teams to forget about mass production and just focus on making the world's best SUV. Let's make an SUV with the world's best dynamic performance. An SUV in which you can feel the grip of the tires through your fingertips. We particularly focused on the body's rigidity because it's an extremely important factor for handling. Small reinforcements were key. A vehicle's body has many parts, but we made prototypes of and test drove reinforcements for even the smallest of parts. If it seemed likely to have an effect. When one produced results, we immediately incorporated it into the design. The shock absorbers are the most important part of the suspension. We repeatedly fine-tuned the absorbers, focusing on even slight movements like never before. This was a new challenge with absolutely zero noise. zero know-how. Through the accumulation of many of the small items such as these, we have succeeded in creating a vehicle with excellent handling and all of us involved in development were captivated by it. Once we've experienced quality, it's difficult to lower our standards. We tried all sorts of measures to maintain the handling performance while achieving a fine balance with the high-quality ride comfort as a Lexus. The team of Lexus Takumi is a group of professionals who oversees the overall dynamic performance of the entire Lexus lineup. They repeatedly confirmed and test drove the car, and we were able to get the best performance. We were able to get the best performance. We were able to get the best performance. We tried many times to ensure that handling and ride comfort are consistent with other models and the previous released IS. The performance will surprise you when you drive it. Conventional SUVs have an image of poor driving performance, being heavy with a high center of gravity and high ride height. However, this SUV is totally different. No matter where you drive, on the highway, on mountain roads, in the city, or on gravel, the vehicle responds faithfully to even the slightest turn of the steering wheel. We've made an SUV with this kind of close link between human and machine. Not everyone canISH a Ladaụcualca. Really? This is the true trouve loss. That was a great way to hit THAT TIMETR 1948 I could film anything I wanted. Darren-Winnie- ours earlier the money- Twin-N inheritancenever gave and was hurt. Can you see that? Whose car is this? The nerve in your處分 utilizar death sentence makes that right.