 This is a solar panel roof capable of charging the onboard batteries of the newly redesigned Hyundai Sonata Hybrid. Now completely redesigned inside and out for the 2020 model year, we're going to take a look at the fully equipped limited here seen in Calypso Red. And let's start by taking a look at an exterior that is longer, lower, and wider for the 2020 model year. Now throughout the exterior, you're going to notice elements of Hyundai's new sensuous sportiness design philosophy. Elements like that cascading front grille and unique front fascia design for the Hybrid. Full LED lights and daytime running lights that integrate into the main lines of the body. A unique 17-inch alloy wheel design. Black side skirts that add to that sport coupe-like styling. And a unique Hybrid rear lip spoiler design. Now you're also going to get our full range of options. We're going to take a look at our hands-free smart trunk where just by recognizing the key fob on your person, your car can pop your trunk even when your hands are full. Now throughout the exterior design, you're going to notice improvements in aerodynamics leading to a lower coefficient of drag or in less scientific terms, better mileage for you. Now on top of that, that solar panel roof is capable of producing enough electric power to provide an additional 700 miles of driving per year. How awesome is that? Now when it comes to performance. Out of the hood, you're getting a 2-liter Smartstream 4-cylinder GDI Hybrid engine that gets 150 horsepower and 139 pounds of torque. Now when you combine that with a 38-kilowatt electric motor getting 51 horsepower, you have 189 horsepower combined. Now that engine is mated with a 6-speed automatic shiftronic transmission system with manual drive select and such drive modes as Custom, Smart, Sport, and of course, Eco. Now what about mileage? The Sonata Hybrid incredibly gets up to 54 highway-forward miles per hour. That's a lot of mileage. And it's up to 54 highway-52 combined and up to 680 mile driving range on the blue trim. Now when it comes to safety, the Sonata Hybrid is loaded with Hyundai Smart Sense safety features like forward collision avoidance assist with pedestrian detection, blind spot collision avoidance assist, rear cross traffic collision avoidance assist, and reverse parking collision avoidance assist. You're also going to get a surround view monitor and a blind spot view monitor. Now what about convenience and tech? Well, the Sonata Hybrid has those as well. Rain sensing windshield wiper, smart cruise control with stop-go, highway drive assist, and the Hyundai Digital Key where you can actually unlock and start your car all with the use of an NFC-capable smartphone or a Hyundai key card just like this. Now how easy is that? Now the premium features don't stop on the outside of the vehicle. Inside, you're getting a 12-speaker Bose premium audio system. You're getting keyless entry and push button start, a 12.3-inch digital instrument cluster, full-color heads-up display, leather seating throughout, USB ports in the front and rear, wireless device charging, dual-zone automatic temperature control, heated and ventilated seats for driver and passenger, ambient lighting of 64 colors, and a 10.25-inch touchscreen with navigation, Apple CarPlay, and Android Auto. Now being a new Hyundai, you're also getting three years in class. You're also getting three years included of our Blue Link services. Now at Hyundai, we're committed to the quality of our vehicles inside and out, which is why we manufacture and use our own advanced high-strength steel, which leads improvements to safety and performance across our entire lineup of vehicles. And that's a lineup of vehicles that's backed by America's best warranty at 10 years, 100,000 miles on the powertrain, 10 years, 100,000 miles on the hybrid battery, and five years, 60,000 miles on the vehicle. And now Hyundai compliments you. Hyundai is a tree- 49,000-kilometer음 escolmetory maintenance, where for the first three years or 36,000 miles, whichever comes first, your recommended factory scheduled maintenance is included. Now with a sporty new exterior design, enhancements on the convenience, tech, and comfort features on the interior, and improvements in fuel economy throughout, the 2020 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid truly is a hybrid sedan that's ready to take you to new heights. Thank you.