 The American Pronunciation Guide Presents ''How to Pronounce Murray'' We'll sign off the section. Give me that 145. Yeah, we'll block it off. We'll sign off the section. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the President of GM North America, Mr. Troy Clark. Mr. Troy Clark. You can hear all my noise. Good morning, and thanks for being with us. I'm very excited to be here today, standing in the midst of one of the newest, and I'd argue one of the best looking showrooms in the entire world. The completely revitalized Saturn showroom. The Saturn brand really exemplifies the change going on within General Motors. We are committed to appropriate and affordable technology, quality without compromise, and of course, truly great design. This is how we're positioning General Motors for success. As a result, General Motors is introducing new vehicle after new vehicle, all aimed at capturing the hearts of our customers. In fact, 40% of our sales volume is tied to new products this year, and Saturn is certainly getting its fair share. You know, it was less than a year ago that the Saturn sky hit the streets, and it's still there. It's a great deal of success. We quickly followed up with the Aura midsize sedan, which was recently named North American Car of the Year by a panel of automotive journalists, including many of you here today. We'll soon start production of the Aura Greenbun. This vehicle gets a terrific 28 miles per gallon in the city, and 35 miles per gallon on the highway. That's a 30% improvement over the high-featured V6 in the standard order. A few things to note. The Aura Greenbun is a very good car. It's a very good car for the city, and it's a very good car for the city. It's a very strong car for certain areas of the city. A few weeks ago, the Alamo crossover arrived to Saturn showrooms, and in just a few more weeks, the all-new Saturn Vue will be joined. But we're not stopping there. Later this year, our retailers will get the Saturn Vue Redline and the Vue Greenline, shown for the first time here ever in Chicago. Two exciting variants of this sporty crossover. Along with this distinctive appearance, the Vue Redline is equipped with a 250 horsepower V6, horsepower V6 and 6 speed automatic transmission. The NuView Greenline offers the same affordable hybrid system as its credit sensor, only in a sleeker, sportier package. Put it all together, we have a great mix of new products from the Saab showroom, and as I said, a terrific example of how GM's product revitalization is taking shape. Today, I'm pleased to continue the trend of introducing a car that not only caps off Saab's product renewal, but also marks another important step in GM's commitment to getting back in the North American car game. It's the Saturn Astra, a car that's been widely praised for its great design and technology. It's been a smash hit in Europe, where we sold more than half a million units last year. We introduced an updated Astra at the Bologna Motor Show in December, and with some very minor modifications, we're bringing this terrific small car back into North America as the Saturn Astra. As we continue our product assault to reclaim our place in the car market, this vehicle just makes sense. It's a car that's loaded with interior refinements and advanced safety features, and just as important, it's an incredibly fun to drive. Ladies and gentlemen, the 2008 Saturn Astra. As excited as we all are for the arrival of the new Saturn, there's probably no one more excited than Saturn's General Manager, my friend, Jill A. Chapman. Thank you, Troy. Thank you. Well, the new face of Saturn is clearly evident in the Astra, and it completes the picture of our all-new vehicle and portfolio with expressive style. Astra's three-door and five-door models are tailor-made for urban convenience and highway cruising, with outstanding functionality and flexibility. The 1.8-liter Ecotec engine in the Saturn Astra has delivered good power and great fuel economy. Thank you. It inherits all the outstanding autobahn-tuned driving dynamics of its European sibling, the Opel Astra. The Astra is currently one of the single-seater cars in Europe, and the Saturn Astra will be no different here in North America. Electronic stability control with traction control and standard four-wheel disc brakes with ABS work together to help drivers steer clear of crashes. Six standard air-to-air modes, a rigid body structure and collapsible foot pedals all help protect occupants from harm. At Saturn, we've never taken our eye off the ball when it comes to safety. Now, the Astra will arrive in Saturn showrooms in the fourth quarter of the year, and when it does, Saturn will have the freshest portfolio in the industry, with the oldest offering, the Saturn Sky. And it's all happened in 20 months, from Sky to Astra. And the new Astra is coming to the market for the first time in a long time. The new Astra is the first to be launched in the United States, and we're starting to see results. Sales for Saturn last year were up 6% over the previous year. Overall market was down. We fully intend to have that trend continue. This complete turnover of the Saturn product lineup provides a tremendous opportunity, but we're also ever mindful that our greatest asset has been how we treat customers. Saturn is number one among non-luxury brands when it comes to the J.D. Power Sales Satisfaction Index, and it's due to how this brand does business. Things like No Heso, No Hebel, a 30-day, 1,500-mile exchange program, new owner clinics, just to name a few. You know, America fell in love with this brand, fell in love with this brand for its spirit of innovation, our drive for innovation. And this no-show product is certainly a testament to that. We're also driven to innovate when it comes to great customer handling, and once again, we're going to raise the bar within the industry. Today, we're also announcing that we're taking the next step in our shopping, buying, and our ownership experience, taking it to the next level with 24-7 online chats and test drives at home or office. That's right. Saturn, the first automotive brand to make this move. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And we're going to continue to get our customers on the market and be in the marketplace. At any time, you can go now online and initiate a chat with a Saturn representative, ask about our products, find a retailer, or make an appointment for a test drive at home or office. Saturn remains committed to providing the best customer care, period. With our new showroom of product giving America exactly what they want from this brand, beautifully expressive styling, and our combination with the best-selling products, we're ready to go. and that combination with industry-leading customer care will be certainly intend to satisfy many, many more customers. You've watched us grow over the last year as we've expanded our portfolio. And I want you to know that I'm absolutely thrilled that you're with us today, joining us as we put a capstone on our revitalization. Please come take a closer look at today's