 Hi, Dean Bowman your Nissan Insider. Today we're going to show you the Nissan Leaf. And while obviously I'll go through some of the unique features that go into owning an electric car, I also want to showcase some of the versatility and spaciousness you'll find inside. In addition, there's some really cool technologies and conveniences that will make your everyday drive fun. Leaf's aerodynamic design has a really low drag coefficient. The result has two benefits. It helps extend the driving range and also helps keep the wind noise down, which is key on Leaf since there isn't a gas engine making noise. So you'll experience something completely unique with Leaf. The sound of the wind. Not pistons, crank shafts, or exhaust systems. And up front, even the LED headlights were designed to help control the air flow. So the wind that usually hits the side mirrors is great for driving. And the air flow is great for driving. And the air flow is great for driving. And the air flow is great for driving. And the air flow is great for driving. And even the underbelly is flat, which helps with aerodynamics just as much as the sleek sheet metal up on top. Another benefit to driving Leaf is you never have to take time in your day to stop and get gas. So with Leaf, at the end of the day, you just plug it in. Now, if you want to charge during off-peak hours, you could just program the system and start charging at any time you choose. You can also make changes to it remotely, either on your computer or a web-enabled phone. There are a couple of different ways to charge a Leaf. The trickle charge port is on all Leafs. You can use the trickle charge cable and plug it into just about any 120-volt wall socket. The same port is also used for your primary charging cable. It uses a dedicated 240-volt line. Even more impressive is the port for quick charging. It's optional and requires a DC fast charge station. You can also plug in a DC fast charge cable. You can plug in a DC fast charge cable. You can plug in a DC fast charge cable. You can plug in a DC fast charge cable. You can plug in a DC fast charge cable. You can plug in a DC fast charge And just like your laptop, the upper dash has charging status lights that show you how far along the charging is. If the lights are off, the Leaf is fully charged. Beyond all the benefits of Leaf being an electric vehicle, it has a lot of great features on the inside. There's conveniences and technologies that you'll use every day. It's got a huge cargo area and lots of smart storage up front. It's got a gigantic glove box deep enough for my head to hold a glass of alcohol. All you have to do is just plug it in and it'll start. If you camera. The center console is the perfect place to stash your CDs. It's got this great little notched out area, perfect for your iPod. And if you like to bring coffee and water, the cup holders easily fit your mug. And there are bottle holders in the door. These hatchback design allows you to bring stuff along that you normally couldn't fit in a trunk. With the seat backs up, there's lots of room. You can easily fit in four luggage bags. Heck, there's even room for a fifth one. And if you want to bring along a golf bag, there's a notched out space in the back that allows it to easily fit. For even larger items, you could fold down the 60-40 split seat backs and even bring a bike along. One of the coolest things about Leaf is all the information it gives you. It ensures you know how much charge you have left, how much more driving range you have before you need to charge up again, and it makes it really fun when you start it. It allows you to select from three different startup sounds. Sound one. Here's the second one. And the third. Or you can just turn them off. The middle display also shows you estimated charge time, depending on how you plug the Leaf in. It also doubles as a drive computer that lets you set some of the vehicle preferences. There are also two really important buttons inside the Leaf that help you with driving range management. There's the little blue button on the steering wheel. This changes out your Navi display to put a circle around your car. Helps you gauge how much further your range is. The zero emissions button brings up a menu with eight features. This is where you'll set charging times, monitor where energy is used, find charging stations and such. The one menu feature you really want to get familiar with is the air conditioning heater timer. This allows you to preheat or cool the Leaf interior before you start charging. This is a great feature for your car. If you have one of these then you can drive early on your okla.sm oränd- Pro Box The wah oma aww awesome Note that. There's some additional features that make driving the Leaf fun. For example the Nissan Intelligent key. All you have to do is have it near you. And as you approach the vehicle it senses you, and it'll press the button and it unlocks the car. And you can even start Leaf without touching your key. To step on the brake, push the button and it's on. The Leaf also comes standard with the navigation system with real time Organisation and AI riskThis can be used as a rear brake, brakes, equipment or even on a existing vehicle. From this large przew esque minus one to a large Lagoon on the traffic updates, so you can avoid traffic on your daily commute. It also has a Bluetooth hands-free phone system that stores your phone book for easy calling. The CD player can play all your favorite MP3s on a disc. And of course, there's a USB input that allows you to plug in your iPod. You can even navigate your playlist right from the Leaf's touchscreen. Right next to the USB input is an audio jack for any other kind of audio device you may want to play music from. And last but not least is the convenience of a rearview monitor to help you park better. The rearview monitor not only has guides to help you gauge distance, but also has a predictive turning feature to help when steering. So as you can see, Leaf has a lot of the same amenities you'd expect to see in a premium car. Plus, it's 100% electric. Well, thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time.