 Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Group Vice President General Manager of Lexus, Mark Templin. Well, good morning. Thank you for joining us for the continuing saga of the 2012 Lexus Product Blitz. This year alone, we're introducing an unprecedented nine new or updated vehicles, plus three F Sport models. You know, since we introduced the first ES in 1989, it's been the benchmark for quality, reliability, ride comfort, and value. And now, it's time to take it to a whole new level. Ladies and gentlemen, the all-new ES. You can clap for it. I love it too. This is no longer just an entry luxury car. This ES is so good, it can go toe-to-toe with cars in more expensive segments. And once you get a chance to drive the ES, you'll experience its crisp, confident driving dynamics. We've redesigned the suspension system, increased body rigidity, and improved the steering to create more precise handling without suffering from the weight of the car. And now, take a closer look at the new cabin. It's roomier, and with a longer wheelbase, it has 4.1 inches of additional legroom for rear passengers. It's more premium. It's contemporary. There's a larger display screen and advanced LED accent lighting. It's truly a class-up interior that was designed to provide ease of use and a sense of openness and security. Now, when it comes to safety features, the ES is like a new car. It's loaded. It has a segment-leading 10 airbags, new whiplash injury-lessening front seats, available pre-collision system, lane departure alert, and an available blind spot monitor with rear cross-traffic alert. When it comes to technology, just like the GS, the new ES has our second-generation remote touch and Lexus-informed multimedia system that can be operated through the driver's own smartphone, which means updates are done wirelessly with new apps that can be added easily as they become available. Now, in addition to the ES 350, we have a surprise for you. We're launching an all-new vehicle that will tap an unmet need in this segment. The all-new ES Hybrid. Now, powered by our updated Lexus Hybrid Drive System, the ES Hybrid is the most advanced ES ever, capable of 40 miles per gallon in the city, and with a super ultra-low emission rating. Now, like its gas counterpart, the Hybrid will have a Drive Select mode, but it'll have an additional EV mode that allows drivers to travel a short distance at a reduced speed using only the battery from the Hybrid pack. The Hybrid includes an exclusive rear bumper with hidden exhaust, a standard rear spoiler to improve aerodynamics, and distinctive bamboo trim. The ES 300h is the latest addition to our Lexus Global Hybrid family. In fact, by early 2014, we'll offer eight Hybrid choices to customers around the globe. Look for the ES and ES Hybrid coming to your showrooms this summer. This is the new face of Lexus. This is our future, and it's here now. Thanks for joining us. We'll see you next time.