 While Nissan has already had a hybrid on the market for a few years in the US, their upmarket Infiniti brand didn't have an alternative fuel vehicle of their own. But that all changes with the introduction of the 2012 Infiniti M35h. Powering this upscale rear-wheel-drive hybrid sedan, which Infiniti calls the first true luxury driver's hybrid, is the automaker's direct response hybrid system, which utilizes an advanced one-motor, two-clutch parallel hybrid system powered by a lithium-ion battery to send power directly to the vehicle's seven-speed automatic transmission. The hybrid system also employs hybrid electric power steering, as well as a regenerative braking system, adding to its efficiency. Assisting the direct response system is a 302-horsepower, 3.5-liter V6 engine which, when paired with the M35h, is capable of delivering up to 100 kmph of torque in just a few seconds. The engine is powered by a 3.5-liter V6 engine, which, when paired with the M35h, is capable of delivering up to 100 kmph of torque in just a few seconds. The engine is powered by a 3.5-liter V6 engine, which, when paired with the M35h, is capable of delivering up to 100 kmph of torque in just a few seconds. The M35h, paired with the vehicle's 50-kilowatt electric motor, creates a combined 360 horsepower. And speaking of numbers, we have to point out that the engine's 258 pound-feet of torque, combined with the electric motor's immediate 199 pound-feet of torque, should help the M hybrid deliver truly impressive acceleration. Regarding efficiency, Infiniti says that the M35h will return fuel economy numbers in the 25 miles per gallon range in the city and 30 miles per gallon on the highway. If the EPA confirms these facts, the M35h will return fuel economy numbers in the 25 miles per gallon range in the city and 30 miles per gallon on the highway. M35h will be the only vehicle on the market with over 350 horsepower that also delivers 30 MPG. But, ignore all the new-fangled technology, and the M35h is much like any other Infiniti M, with creature comforts including leather-appointed seating, Japanese ash wood trim, iPod connectivity, push button start, Bluetooth, and available features like a blind-spot warning system and Bose premium audio. Expect to see the M35h at Infiniti dealerships nationwide in the spring of 2021. of 2011.