 The moment you open the iCUE driver's door, you know that you're in for a brand new experience. With its clever asymmetrical seating pattern and a scalloped dashboard ahead of the front passenger, the iCUE is unlike any car you've ever seen. The unique 3 plus 1 seating arrangement allows seating for four. Pretty amazing for a car this compact. The front passenger seat can slide back to make plenty of room for a passenger well over six feet tall. Or to make more space in the rear seat, the front passenger can sit farther forward than the driver. Walk-through levers on both sides make access easy for rear seat passengers. In the driver's seat, a manual tilt steering column helps you get comfortable. The three-spoke flat bottom steering wheel is wrapped in black leather with red stitching and features joystick audio controls. The iCUE is all about putting the most interior space and utility in the smallest possible exterior package. Clever features like a pull-out storage bin located under the front passenger seat give you room for your stuff. And you'll find the iCUE is brimming with premium materials, including a black soft-touch dash, pearlescent smooth black trim, and alloy finish accents. When it comes to tunes, the iCUE comes standard with a great-sounding 160-watt six-speaker Pioneer audio system. There's also this optional Pioneer premium sound system. The Pioneer is a premium sound system with a maximum power of 200 watts. It includes a 5.8-inch touchscreen display and HD radio. Pandora Internet Radio lets Scion owners enjoy personalized stations when connected with an iPhone. And when you connect to the available Bespoke Audio app with your compatible smartphone, you can access exclusive Scion music channels, plus popular services like Yelp, Facebook, Twitter, and other online resources. In terms of safety features, the iCUE is a great choice for your home or home-based home. With its unique features, the iCUE is well-equipped with a total of 11 airbags, including driver and front passenger knee airbags, driver and front passenger front seat airbags, and the world's first-ever rear window curtain airbag. And like all Scion models, the iCUE has the Star Safety System. The iCUE even comes with two years of the Scion Service Boost maintenance plan and three years of complimentary roadside assistance. All other Scion models only have two years of roadside assistance. Put in your Scion system, and you'll be able to enjoy the Scion's unique, premium iCUE interior. Put it all together, and the iCUE interior definitely packs a lot of great features into a remarkably compact package. Have you checked out the exterior features?