 Thanks for watching and if you haven't already, be sure to check out part one of this video where I highlighted the exterior features of the 2015 NX. Now let's take a look inside. I want to show you the new and innovative features NX brings to the Lexus luxury utility lineup such as touch sensitive overhead dome and map lamps that eliminate the need to fumble for a switch or button, an optional Qi wireless charging tray that works with compatible electronic devices. No wires or ports to worry about, but there's a USB port, an auxiliary jack, and a 12 volt power port that all come standard to accommodate multiple devices. An available navigation system that now features an all new remote touch interface with touch pad. Double tap or push down to select. And pinch to zoom in and out. The haptic feedback can be adjusted in the personalized settings. An advanced voice recognition system that you train to help understand your commands. And available Lexus inform remote that allows control of certain vehicle features via an app on your smartphone. Other noteworthy equipment includes a new leather trim steering wheel design, a fixed seven inch screen that's paired with the display audio or the optional eighth generation navigation system. Both options also include a custom steering wheel. And a new leather trim steering wheel. It also comes with a fully customizable menu and subscription free traffic and weather information through HD radio. Drive mode select dial that helps customize a fun to drive experience. Dual auto climate control. Electronic parking brake and brake hold function. Most competitors don't even offer electronic parking brakes and it's standard for NX. Eight way power front seats with two way lumbar for the driver. Available heated and ventilated front seats on new Luxe and leather trim models. Cup holders that allow you to open the top of the seat, and some of the most popular seats that are available in the past. And a new leather trim steering wheel. And now I'm starting to look at some of the most popular seats that are available. And here's what's in the box. In the box, you'll see the number one and number two seats. open the top with one hand and like all Lexus vehicles the available inform app suite is also subscription free. NX has a long list of safety features that include eight standard airbags including driver's knee airbag and all new front passenger seat cushion airbag, available blind spot monitor with rear cross traffic alert, available lane departure alert, a backup camera with dynamic grid lines. With most competitors this is an option on NX the backup camera is standard, available pre-collision system with alert timing switch and all speed dynamic radar cruise control and all models are available with Lexus inform safety connect. The NX is as versatile as it is innovative with its 6040 folding rear seats and adjustable recline with available power folding rear seats. The NX cargo area is among the largest in the segment and can accommodate up to four large sized golf bags laid down horizontally. Try finding that in competitive models. You can't take advantage of all that storage space if you can't get to it. During our media preview journalists took note of the tonneau cover that's easily removed folded and stored under the floor panel. Let me show you. See how easy that was and the available power liftgate has a height adjustable memory feature that you can program to fit your reach. The F Sport model's fun to drive personality is seen through its unique LFA inspired high-tech interior that includes bolstered sport seats with distinctive stitching, G meter and turbo boost gauge, perforated leather wrapped steering wheel with paddle shifters, perforated leather wrapped shift knob, black headliner, unique interior trim, aluminum sport pedals and scuff plates, Rioja red as an exclusive interior color choice, and active sound control. The NX is a great choice for a car that's looking for a more fun to drive experience. As you've just seen the 2015 NX is a lot of things but all you need to know is one, its aggressive styling is unlike anything else you'll see on the road, two, there are innovative features inside and out, and three, its fun to drive personality comes with efficient fuel economy. The all new NX will arrive in dealerships at the end of this year. And remember to check out the first part of this video that covers the exterior of this compact luxury utility vehicle. Thanks for watching.