 Hi, I'm Bill Kwon with Lexus College and I'm here to introduce the all-new 2016 GSF. It's the latest expression of Lexus F Performance and the most powerful GS ever created. With a thrilling exhaust note courtesy of its race-inspired V8 and active sound control, the GSF charges from 0 to 60 miles per hour in a mere 4.6 seconds. The all-new GSF features a naturally aspirated V8 delivering 467 horsepower and 389 lb-ft of torque, rear-wheel drive for authentic race car-like handling, standard torque vectoring differential, and an 8-speed Sport Direct automatic transmission with paddle shifters. The GSF is available in three interior colors and eight exterior colors, including Molten Pearl, which previously only appeared on the RC F. You can easily spot a 2016 GSF with its bold styling. The front end is dominated by an aggressive-looking bumper and mesh spindle grille, carbon fiber lower grille molding, fully functional cooling ducts, triple-beam LED headlamps, and wide fender flares. Staggered hand-polished 19-inch multi-spoke forged aluminum wheels fitted with low-profile 255-35 ZR19 tires at the front and 275-35 ZR19s in the rear for more grip on acceleration and cornering. And in the back, there's a rear diffuser, signature quad exhaust tip, and a carbon fiber spoiler. The GSF offers the best of both worlds. It's a car that provides thrills and excitement on twisty roads while offering occupants unprecedented style and comfort. At the heart of the GSF is a 5.0-liter V8 engine with dual variable valve timing with intelligence wide angle, which has been finely tuned to deliver excellent power and responsiveness. The wider changes of cam phasing in both the retard and the advance direction allows the naturally aspirated engine to move between all directions. The new GSF offers a more efficient and efficient performance in the conventional auto cycle for performance and the more efficient Atkinson cycle. It's paired with an 8-speed Sport Direct Shift automatic transmission with paddle shifters that offer smooth shift feel, excellent drivability, and linear acceleration. Torque vectoring differential enhances dynamic performance by precisely controlling rear wheel torque, helping to manage the vehicle's orientation while cornering. Drive modes select with Eco, Normal, Sport S, and Sport S Plus modes, which allows the driver to choose the most appropriate drive mode to match their preferred driving style and situation. Brembo brakes that feature lightweight and rigid 6-piston aluminum monoblock calipers with 15-inch ventilated discs in the front and 13.6-inch ventilated discs and 4-piston aluminum monoblock calipers in the rear, and electric power steering designed to achieve excellent dynamic performance and steering feel. Fuel economy is estimated at 16 miles per gallon in the city, 24 highway, and 19 combined. Inside, the GS-F features next-generation multimedia, which includes an updated 12.3-inch screen and full map display, improved voice recognition, new inter and back buttons added to the remote touch interface, and more. Navigation is standard. There's also a new analog clock that is synced with the vehicle's GPS. Headrest integrated high back sport seats helps ensure proper sport and sitting position. They are available in Stratos Gray, Black, and Circuit Red Leather with contrast stitching. Drivers and front passenger seats are heated and ventilated. A three-setting Lexus memory system controls the front seats, outside mirrors, and steering wheel. Pedals are aluminum, and there's black carbon fiber trim throughout. LFA-inspired instruments include a G-meter, lap timer, water and oil temperature. Color heads-up display is standard. The dual-zone auto-disc is available in all modes. The dual-zone automatic climate control system features S-Flow, which sends air only to the occupied areas of the cabin. There's a standard power tilt and slide moonroof, and power-adjustable outside mirrors with defoggers, puddle lamps, integrated turn indicators, and auto tilt down. Cruise control is standard, too. In the back, the GS-F features a trunk pass-through and fold-down armrest. The GS-F features 10 airbags, Lexus blind spot monitor with rear cross-traffic alert, and Lexus safety system plug-in. Other standard safety features include Vehicle dynamic integrated management with sport mode, Vehicle stability control and traction control, 4-channel ABS, brake assist, electronic brake force distribution, and smart stop technology, Tire pressure monitoring system, Electronic parking brake with auto feature, Backup monitor with guidelines, And smart access with push button start and stop. Two options are available, Mark Levinson Premium Surround Sound featuring GreenEdge technology, 17 upgraded speakers, an 835-watt amplifier, and orange painted front brake calipers. The 2016 GSF offers complimentary first-year service for the following Informed features, Destinations, Remote, Safety Connect, and Service Connect, new for this year. As before, the Informed App Suite is complimentary for the life of the vehicle, and a compatible smartphone is required. Thanks for watching, and be sure to check out our video on the other GS models.