 Welcome to the Prius Revealed series from the driver's seat. In this session, we'll explore Prius' new driver-centric design. Based on the concept of YubiShin, which stands for ingenious beauty, its new interior has a high-quality look and feel. As you begin your exploration, look closely and you'll see that Toyota designers eliminated unnecessary materials. The overall effect is a more spacious environment that projects an advanced, high-tech personality. And underlying it all are some advancements you'll want to know about. Let's continue with a closer look at some of the advanced technologies that make the new Prius so much fun to own and drive. Unless you have X-ray vision, you can't actually see it. But behind the new Prius is Toyota's new global architecture, or TNGA. Prius is Toyota's first-generation car. And the first global vehicle to benefit from this program. TNGA's purpose is to enhance product appeal through an integrated approach to powertrain components and vehicle platforms. This also means that Toyota can invest even more in the development of advanced technologies offered by high-volume production vehicles like Prius. And the results speak for themselves. So how else does TNGA benefit Prius? The new platform contributes to an increase in business value. It contributes to an increase in body torsional rigidity. And the amount of high-tensile strength steel has also increased. Not only is the 2016 Prius sportier and more stylish, it's more fun to drive, too. Along with enhanced fuel estimates, it delivers a dynamic, high-quality driving experience, more responsive handling, and a noticeably smoother ride. New and improved active and passive safety features offer added protection, as well as peace of mind. Along with all of the upgrades and improvements to its performance, style, and design, steps were taken to ensure that the fourth-generation Prius is the quietest version Toyota has ever produced. Multiple enhancements to its aerodynamic design, as well as new components under the hood and throughout the body, have reduced the transmission of noise, vibration, and harshness into the interior. That includes engine, transmission, road, and wind noise. Its level of quietness puts it on par with today's all-electric vehicles. The minute you're behind the wheel, it's obvious the new Prius has undergone an incredible transformation. Its new, long-flowing instrument panel promotes intuitive, effortless driving. The main display, with its 4.2-inch thin-film transistor, or TFT display, features two display options, simple and segmented. The simple display shows information like vehicle speed, remaining fuel, driving mode, and outside temperature. The segmented display adds a hybrid system indicator, fuel economy gauge, or hybrid battery state of charge gauge. Both display options are controlled using steering wheel-mounted switches. The 4.2-inch full-color multi-information display is designed to provide easy-to-access information, via seven different tabs. With a light touch of the steering wheel-mounted controls, the driver can access information on vehicle operation, navigation, climate control, and more. Prius also features a new, full-color head-up display. A Toyota First, its larger display provides enhanced visibility for quicker reference of the speedometer, navigation, and hybrid system indicator. Sporty new front seats in the Prius are also available. The new front seats in the Prius have been enhanced to reduce strain on the occupant's back, neck, and shoulders. Once again, though, there's more to this story than meets the eye. Underneath, both front seats feature newly designed lightweight frames for added comfort and support. Prius II, Prius II Eco, and Prius III feature fabric-trimmed front seats with seat-back pockets. The driver's seat is six-way adjustable. The front passenger seat is four-way adjustable. Prius III Touring, Prius IV, and Prius IV Touring add soft-tex trimmed front seats. Prius IV and Prius IV Touring also add heated front seats for added comfort and a touch of elegance, as well as an eight-way power driver's seat with power lumbar support. Always quick to demonstrate its versatility, Prius' 60-40 split fold-down seats are available. Prius' 60-40 split fold-down seats are available. Prius' 60-40 split fold-down seats are available. Prius' 60-40 split fold-down seats are available. The nine-second long golf-dayman seat is noticeably primero and is canceled with the the 20-year holiday Thank you.