 Good morning ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of everyone at Chevrolet, I'd like to welcome you to Detroit and the North American International Auto Show. And I would especially like to welcome the US Senator Debbie Stabenow from Michigan. Please give her a warm round of applause. This is truly a great day for Chevrolet. It marks the continuation of our product onslaught with the first of five new introductions slated for 2015. These new products will enhance what I believe is already the strongest product lineup in the history of the brand and make it one of the freshest portfolios in the industry. Thank you. By the end of 2015, 95% of the US Chevrolet lineup will be all new or significantly updated compared to just four years ago, offering customers the latest technologies and advanced safety features. Each one of the five new vehicles we will debut this year will be all new next generation passenger cars. That's five new cars. That's five new cars that promise to move your heart with design and performance and ease your mind with industry leading safety, quality and value. Chevrolet has always been an authentic American brand powered by design and innovation truly for the people. That innovative spirit expresses itself in different ways to satisfy the various needs of our very different customers. Whether it's integrating Siri into our small cars or the corner step rear bumper from Colorado, which is the 2015 Motor Train Truck of the Year, what it all comes down to is giving our customers solutions that makes their lives better. One area that we continue to pursue aggressively is the electrification of the automobile. The Chevrolet Volt represents a new generation of the brand. It's a car that's coming to the market as a facelift, so the market is getting bigger and bigger. A better car is coming to the market as a facelift. It's a car that's getting bigger and bigger. A car that's getting bigger and bigger. A car that's getting bigger. It's a car that's getting bigger and bigger. The Chevrolet Volt represents a truly major milestone in the development of the modern electric vehicle. Not just for Chevrolet, but for the whole industry. And it embodies what we mean when we say, find new roads. It is discovering the power, the true power of possibilities. The goal we set ourselves was to develop a kind of car that has never, ever existed before. Not just an electric vehicle, but an extended range electric vehicle. An EV that would run exclusively on battery power for most people's daily commute, then automatically engage an onboard generator if they need to go farther. It truly has established Chevrolet as an industry leader in the development of the electric vehicle. And has been, the Volt has been, the best selling plug-in since it was first launched in 2010. It was also the 2011 North American Car of the Year. It was acknowledged by many of you as being a true technological marvel. But most importantly, some of you called it our moonshot.ược G R E E saving more than 34 million gallons of gas. That's like shutting off the gas pumps in Washington DC for three and a half months. What's most gratifying is the fact that vault owners are the most satisfied owners on the planet. The Chevrolet Vault 1, they're right here. The Chevrolet Vault 1, J.D. Powers, appealed award for three years in a row. And these were not Chevy Loyalists. More than two-thirds of vault owners are new to Chevrolet and new to General Motors. The two most frequently traded in vehicles are the Toyota Prius and the BMW 3 Series. As a group, these vault owners right here are not bashed up. They're not bashed up. They're not bashed up. They're bashed up. We asked them about sharing their enthusiasm for the car. In fact, here are 50 vault owners from all over the country that have joined us here today because they're so excited about the new car. If you haven't had the chance already, please talk to them. They truly will tell you how great this car is. We found that they're also very willing to tell us what we need to improve on the next time. And I can tell you, we listened to them. While they love today's vault, what they want is more range, better fuel economy, and better acceleration. So when we started to develop the next generation Chevrolet Vault, we truly took a clean sheet approach and examined every part to make it even better. The result is a new vault that improves upon every aspect of the owner's life. Saaten Who is hence at the center of all of this? W debit ka einem I am very proud and it is my honor to introduce to you now the 2016 Chevrolet Volt. Why2R is a three cylinder four cylinder LSD engine. With 6 voc junge vivo Ook empower f ж Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Mary Mara. Thank you. Good morning. The next generation Chevrolet Gold builds on the extraordinary achievements of the current Volt and takes it to an entirely new level. Owners wanted to see greater range on the new model, and we have delivered. We expect the new Volt to reach 50 miles on a fully charged battery, over 31% improvement over today's Volt. The total range reaches more than 400 miles when you add a regular tank of gasoline. To deliver these gains, we improved every system and component on the vehicle. Starting with our industry-leading battery technology. By using new chemistry, we were able to reduce the number of cells and still increase the overall storage capacity. The Voltec electric drive unit is completely new, with two new GM motor designs that are smaller, lighter, and more efficient to operate. And by having the two motors operate together more often, zero to 30 acceleration is improved 20% to 2.6 seconds. The new Volt will also be the first application here in North America of our all-new 1.5 liter, four-cylinder EcoTech engine, providing more refined and efficient power in extended range mode. This all adds up to a vehicle that's more than 200 pounds lighter, carries an estimated MPGE rating of more than 100 in EV mode. That's a lot of power. And it's a big improvement over today's Volt. Beyond the technology, this next generation Volt also gets an expressive new exterior design that is leaner and lower, along with a more refined interior that emphasizes comfort and simplicity. With a multitude of improvements based on owner's input, the 2016 Chevrolet Volt is another example of how General Motors is putting the customer at the center of everything we do. It's more efficient, more responsive, more refined, and has a greater range. In every way, it improves on the Volt's formula for a no-compromises electric vehicle. It also confirms our leadership position in the area of electric vehicle engineering and manufacturing. Now, we intend to take it further. We've been applying our electrification expertise to a new challenge. A challenge that gets to the heart of Chevrolet's inherent desire to engineer innovative solutions that meet our customers' needs. Building on the experience gained from both the Volt and the Spark EV, Chevrolet is committed to once again raising the bar by bringing an affordable, long-range, all-electric vehicle to market. And we'd like to show you what it might look like right now. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the Chevrolet Volt EV concept. Courtesy softwareanh Yani This is a real game changer. Powered by an advanced lithium-ion battery, the Bolt EV concept is designed to deliver a range of more than 200 miles and cost about $30,000. That's right, the Chevrolet is designed to offer 200 miles of range and cost about $30,000. This is truly an EV for everyone. For most people, this could be their everyday driver. The kind of innovation will raise the bar for electric vehicles around the globe. In addition to advanced battery technology, other techniques that contribute to the Bolt EV range include active-air devices and advanced lightweight materials that include aluminum, magnesium, and carbon fiber. But trust me, this is no stripped-down science experiment. The Bolt EV concept offers unexpected functionality and technology with proportions and flexibility of crossover. It's an all-electric vehicle for the real world, one that satisfies the daily needs of our customers, not just in California, but in the 50 states, and select markets around the world. It also showcases our substantial expertise in the many different areas that are required to lead in electrification. At General Motors, we have the people, the production facilities, the engineering, the design, and the manufacturing knowledge. And we have the will to make this even more of a competitive advantage for Chevrolet and General Motors. Thank you all for your support. Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. And now I'd like to ask Alan Beatty to return to the stage. But I really want you to take a closer look at both the Bolt EV concept and the 2016 Chevrolet Bolt. Thank you. Thank you.