 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 🎵 Please welcome President of Infinity Motor Company, Roland Kruger. Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Welcome to Geneva and welcome to Infinity. The year 2017 has kicked off strong for Infinity. With 21% growth globally, we already had two record months. This follows an all-time high globally in 2016, where we sold more than 230,000 vehicles worldwide. And it shows that at Infinity, we're building momentum. Our success is based on many factors, including Infinity's major product offensive. Last year, here in Geneva, we debuted the all-new Q30, Infinity's first entry into the premium compact segment. The Q30 and its system model, the QX30, has been synonymous with the Q30's most popular and most popular cars. And it's been a success since launch globally, in Europe, in the United States, and in China. And both cars have been very well received by our customers. Also last year, we launched the all-new Q60 Sports Coupe, Infinity's brand shaper. The Q60 Coupe is an outstanding sports car with daring design and exhilarating performance. Just six months after the launch, it outperformed its competitors in growth and in performance. And gained a significant share in the sports coupe segment in the United States. These results confirm Infinity's strong position as a luxury performance brand. The Q60 especially embodies Infinity's brand positioning with a daring design language that communicates a sense of powerful elegance, ready to perform, and an unmistakable Infinity signature. And with class-leading technologies, autonomous drive functions, and a new V6 twin-turbo engine, the Q60 is a perfect example of the world's best-selling and most advanced technology. The Q60 is a perfect example of the world's best-selling and most advanced technology. It's a car that can be driven by force, steer by wire, and a completely new V6 twin-turbo engine. This clear direction with daring design and forward-looking technologies provides a consistency Infinity experience throughout every single touchpoint. This is a car that is extremely important for its customers in our journey through the experience with us, whether it's our products, with our technologies, our services, or simply a passion for driving. Infinity was one of the pioneers in automotive driving when we launched the world's first direct adaptive steering, or steer-by-wire system for the new Q50 in 2013. is called ProPilot as it serves as a co-pilot keeping the driver in the equation. The technology will empower the driver to have a choice of autonomous driving when the driver wants it and when the driver needs it. Our CEO, Mr. Ghosn, announced in the beginning of this year that we see ourselves as the architects assembling the right technologies, the right partnerships, and the right business innovations to achieve zero emissions and zero fatalities on the road. Infiniti is proud to be part of a company that is making this vision a reality. And today, we have another proof point. There is no better vehicle to showcase these technologies than the Q50 sedan. The Q50 is one of the few vehicles in the market that can be driven with autonomous drive functions. And it's our top-selling car globally. So today, the Q50 has yet again moved forward to the next level, becoming even better and more advanced. So ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the new Infiniti Q50. The Q50. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. Here it is, the new Infiniti Q50. The new Q50 carries all of the brand-defining design language of Infiniti. A new design of the front with our unmistakable Infiniti double-arch grille that conveys an immediate sense of power and purpose and provides a focal point for every single line of the vehicle. The new lower air intake that hints the power of our drivetrains. The focused human eye headlights, Infiniti's front signature, giving the car an intense look and feel. The low stance and dynamic proportions with a strong character line leading into the shoulder of the car and the brand-defining question cut C-pillar. The new rear design now features the Infiniti unique rear light graphics that make this car unmistakably an Infiniti. The new Q50, our flagship sedan, will be offered with various grades catering to the preferences of our customers, differentiating clearly between the Sport and the Premium version, which are shown here today. With this, we will also refresh the grade structure of our product lineup to clearly communicate the differentiation of packages for our customers. We will offer five different engine variants, starting with a class-leading 3-liter V6 twin-turbo engine, capable of 400 horsepower. We call it the Red Sport 400, or simply Q50 Red S. Our customers appreciate the performance of this high-output engine. But the new Q50 also comes with a 3.5-liter V6 direct-response hybrid engine capable of 365 horsepower and a 50-kilowatt electric motor, signaled with a blue S for the hybrid system. And for our customers, simply like the sporty look of the Q50, we now offer the Silver S with our fuel-efficient four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines, as well with our best-selling 3-liter V6 twin-turbo 300-horsepower engine. This great walk from the Premium specification to the Silver S, to the Blue S, and to the Red S will offer a high level of individualization for our customers worldwide. But we will not stop there. As a brand that is always striving forward, INFINITY is excited to explore the potential of a top performance grade in our product lineup, especially utilizing our resourceful partnerships within the Alliance. Last night, here in Geneva, we unveiled the project Black S. INFINITY, working together with Renault Sport, envisions Q60 Black S Performance Hybrid Vehicle to explore a top performance grade, and to test out the new technology that is being made for our brand. INFINITY's collaboration with the Renault Formula One team is unique in its setup. The technical partnership of the development of the hybrid system for the new Formula One race car that Renault Sport unveiled only two weeks ago. So we look forward to seeing the Black S come alive in a joint teamwork between INFINITY Engineering and Renault Sport. Ladies and gentlemen, INFINITY has gained momentum and continues to grow globally. Our brand direction is consistently applied through all new product developments and all touchpoints with our customers and the brand. With forward-looking technologies and a unique signature design. Our flagship sedan, the Q50 shown here today, shows our ambition, our determination, and our capability to shape the future of INFINITY. To give INFINITY further growth and to carry INFINITY forward in order to become one of the top tier players in the premium car industry. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your attention. Thank you. Thank you.