 Hey, I'm Bradley Hasemeyer and I am thrilled to give you a quick look at the 2020 Acura RLX Sport Hybrid. With its refined styling, accelerated performance capabilities, and premium features, the RLX Sport Hybrid delivers the perfect balance of sophistication and muscle. Ready to see for yourself? Let's go. I need my car to look great. I want the kind of automobile that when I walk out of the grocery store, I see it in the parking lot and I say, that's my car. Bold, sophisticated styling. Acura really found the balance there. You've got a sculpted hood, you've got a diamond pentagon grille, you've got the jewel eye LED lights, 19-inch wheels, and all of this greatness comes standard. And then when you go to the interior, it only gets better. Where you're greeted with this premium cabin and precision craftsmanship. I mean, take for instance the steering wheel. Beautifully stitched, beautiful leather. These seats, 12-way adjustable, heated and ventilated, soft Milano leather. Ooh, it's very comfy. I've got fantastic legroom up here and legroom in the back for my friends and my passengers. I mean, it's like we're all riding first class, baby. How about this for convenience? The dual action armrest opens for the driver, opens for the passenger. One push button slides all the way back, revealing a place to plug in your phone. That's super smart for your super smart phone. Speaking of super smart, how about a GPS-linked solar sensing system that measures the sun's position and intensity to adjust cabin temperatures? What? Mind-blown. And, as if all that wasn't enough, Acura went ahead and made its AcuraWatch advanced safety and driver assistance technology package standard. Huh, standard. That has a nice ring to it doesn't it? This package includes forward collision warning, collision mitigation braking, lane departure warning, lane keeping assist. Or, if you're just getting off the road, you can use the road departure mitigation and adaptive cruise control. Standard across all trims. And while you're checking out that list let me highlight one of those for you. Head-up display. Yes this is a super cool technology. You gotta pay a lot of money for this in other cars. It comes standard. Essentially it projects information onto the windshield ahead of you. Things like your speed or your turn-by-turn navigation. So it seems like one of the most compelling reasons to put the Acura RLX Sport Hybrid on your shopping list is the fact that it comes loaded with so many of these cool standard features. This isn't your basic boring hybrid. It utilizes the same kind of technology found in the NSX. And this RLX Sport Hybrid isn't just some cushy sophisticated piece of machinery. No this thing is fun to drive. It has a whopping 377 total system horsepower. Plus it has more than one trodden wheel, and additional welcome seats. It also comes with 2 turbo- Air shock absorbers. And it's a super fitness car like none of the other Agile group cars or this bike. To comparable diving experience it comes with эtng. Addition to any personal thought you may have,OR or exceeded where that carbon fermented will slow you down And the security if not the Porsche P? Versatility It also has a built in regular oil battery connection plus instead of just a upwards of 3 air rappers it also supports a Samples version. een