 For the past four years, the Toyota Highlander has been the best-selling retail vehicle in the extremely competitive midsize SUV segment. And this fourth generation raises the bar even further thanks to its injection of serious style, performance, and premium features. Highlander's lineup includes gasoline and hybrid, front-wheel drive, and all-wheel drive variations across six grades, with some new configurations, including the all-new XSE. Let's learn more. To craft Highlander's exterior appearance, Toyota's designers sought to achieve an organic blend of power and sophistication. With its sculpted styling, Highlander makes a statement whether it's pulling up to the restaurant for date night or cruising down the highway with your crew on an epic road trip. This exterior isn't just about looks, though, with Highlander also offering standard LED lighting on all grades, including the freshly updated projector-style lamps that were previously available. The new XSE grade was previously only featured on Limited and Platinum. Highlander's exterior also sports an available moonroof or, in the case of the Platinum grade, a power panoramic view moonroof. Roof rails are also available, as is a hands-free power rear liftgate that enables cargo area access even with hands full of grocery bags or sports equipment. Finally, the aggressive new XSE grade boasts a sporty front bumper, grille, and lower spoiler. Unique 20-inch machined-face alloy wheels, plenty of black exterior accents, and even a twin-tip exhaust – a first for the Highlander family. The fourth-generation Highlander has a premium interior that's sure to impress both driver and passenger alike, from its driver-focused interior layout to the dash-integrated design of its touchscreen multimedia systems. But Highlander's interior goes far beyond its style, with its great convenience features including a standard power driver seat, in-dash storage areas, and rear seat reminder. There's also available rain-sensing wipers and an available 1,500-watt cargo outlet on select hybrid trims. Highlander doesn't come up short on comfort offerings either, with standard three-zone automatic climate control, several available features like heated and ventilated front seats, heated second-row seats, and heated steering wheel. And even standard leather-trimmed seating on Limited and Platinum grades. Plus, XSE offers two unique interior choices, including a red and black two-tone leather-trimmed interior with red stitching. Like the exterior, Highlander's interior benefits from the TNGA platform, which helps deliver improved cargo space behind the third row, as well as impressive passenger room in both eight- or the available seven-passenger seating configuration. In terms of in-cabin technology, every Highlander starts with standard compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to Apple Music, Maps, Messages, and other favorite apps from your iPhone. In addition, Android Auto makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices, while Amazon Alexa connectivity keeps Amazon's digital assistant just a question away. Plus, there's a three-month SiriusXM All Access trial subscription to more than 300 radio channels accessible throughout the country. Highlander offers great convenience features as well, including available Qi-compatible wireless charging that keeps drivers from fumbling for a cord, as well as five standard USB ports for charging your own hardware. And on select models, drivers can feel like the DJ of their crew with the available JBL sound system that pumps 1200 watts of power through its 11 premium speakers. This audio multimedia platform simply offers a variety of entertainment choices, whether it's music, podcasts, audiobooks, or catching up on phone calls, as well as multiple navigation options, all of which comes together to help make every trip fun and stress-free. Plus, drivers can enjoy the large 12.3-inch touchscreen display, standard on Platinum and available on Limited. Similarly, the convenient and standard Smart Key system enables drivers to leave the key fob in their purse or pocket when starting, entering, or exiting the vehicle. Highlander also supports Toyota's line of connected services, including standard Wi-Fi Connect compatibility on all models, and available Remote Connect to locate your vehicle, lock or unlock the doors, and even start the engine, all from your mobile device. Highlander's emphasis on safety is clearly evident in its standard Toyota Safety Sense 2.5 Plus suite of active safety systems. This updated bundle includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, now with Intersection Support Enhancement and a Driver-Initiated Emergency Steering Assist Enhancement, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, now with Curve Speed Management, Lane Tracing Assist, and Road Sign Assist. And for added peace of mind, Toyota's Safety Connect service also comes standard with Roadside Assistance, an Emergency Assistance Button, Stolen Vehicle Locator, and, in case of an accident, Automatic Collision Notification, allowing Toyota's 24-7 Response Center to notify emergency services with the vehicle's location. Highlander further rounds out its safety story with standard Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert on all models and vehicles. As well as useful features like available Front and Rear Parking Assist and Automated Braking, and an available Digital Rear View Mirror that shows what's behind the vehicle, even when the cargo area is packed with items. While Highlander's powerful engines ensure that it has no shortage of get-up-and-go, its real performance lies in its incredible efficiency and capability. To this end, Highlander's hybrid models have rewritten the book on what's possible and what's not. And, as always, we hope you enjoyed this video. We've rewritten the book on what's possible for this segment, thanks to an EPA-estimated 36 mpg combined on the front-wheel drive variants. The other key performance story is Highlander's capability and versatility, which can be seen in its newly expanded drivetrain offerings. For Highlander's fourth generation, hybrid models will be offered in front-wheel drive, perfect for Sunshine State drivers that don't need the added traction of all-wheel drive, and would prefer a lower cost of entry instead. Of course, Toyota's hybrid electronic on-demand all-wheel drive system remains a staple for those who do need extra traction. And for gas models, a choice between front-wheel and all-wheel drive continues for the latest generation, but now there are two all-wheel drive options, a mechanical system, and a sophisticated dynamic torque vectoring system available on XSE, Limited, and Platinum, that can distribute engine power to the left and right rear wheels as needed to enhance traction. Additionally, both of these gas all-wheel drive systems include standard multi-terrain select, meaning that drivers can enjoy environment-specific capability off the pavement, whether in a Vermont snowstorm or on a San Diego beach. And as icing on the cake, both of these all-wheel drive systems also feature the fuel-saving Drive Line Disconnect function to help drivers get every last mile out of their tanks. Built on the TNGA platform, Highlander's chassis strength and suspension design help to enhance vehicle agility, while also ensuring a smooth and quiet ride. And for those after sportier steering and more responsive handling, XSE's suspension system and power steering have been tuned to deliver a more engaging driving feel. Highlander's value story is set to continue shaking up the segment in a big way, just as it's done since its 2001 debut. And that means more than just approachable pricing. It also means ownership perks, like the ToyotaCare no-cost maintenance plan with roadside assistance, and great coverage like the 8-year 100,000-mile hybrid system warranty and the 10-year 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty. Round it off with a famous reputation for quality and long-term value, and it's clear that Toyota has another home run on its hands.