 Wow, Chad. This, this is an entirely new definition of design without compromise. You're exactly right, Scott. This is what happens when you let Lexus designers craft a vehicle, and this LC convertible really showcases off their dedication to stay to the truest brave form of the LCQ. The LC evolution never stops focusing on being ever sharper and more refined. That's exactly right. Lexus engineers and designers focus in on continually improving the overall linear steering feel, ride comfort, and overall acceleration, no matter how fast you're driving this vehicle. And that attention to detail is clear inside as well. Take, for example, these seats. The LC designer started off with the LC coupe sport seats and then added in this perforation that flows directly into the stitch quilting pattern. That's very unique and only found in the LC convertible. Nothing was overlooked. I mean, something as simple as presenting the seat belt with this artfully crafted piece of metal with the luxurious leather strap to hold it in place. You're exactly right. The LC 500 convertible is designed to engage your senses right from the start. You ready? Yeah, let's go. There's nothing like open top driving. It really gets the hard pumping, Chad. Since its arrival, the LC 500 has been the most passionate expression of the Lexus brand. LC engineers invented new technologies to bring the design to life. Things like the ultra-compact triple-beam LC 500, which is a new type of car that's been around for a long time, and the ultra-compact triple-beam LC 500. The LC 500 is the most passionate expression of the Lexus brand. The new technology is the LED headlamp design, LED taillights that were designed after fighter jet afterburner effect, and a specialized suspension system to allow for the 21-inch wheels and lower hood line. Now with the LC 500 convertible, Lexus continues that philosophy with the thrill of open top driving. Chad, we're driving on this bright, sunny day, and one of the things that strikes me as a little bit of a surprise is how vivid I can see all of the instrumentation, starting with the cluster over there. Yeah, the speedometer makes it so easy thanks to the anti-reflective coating that they placed on the LC convertible. Easy to see even in direct sunlight. And with the natural position for the multimedia display for the navigation, I can see everything super clear, especially like we have Apple CarPlay up right now. Yeah, and first, it's a huge display. 10.3 inches. You mentioned Apple CarPlay, but that's not all. We've got Android Auto and Lexus Plus Alexa. So, no matter which system you like to use and operate that you're familiar with at your home or on your mobile device, you have it right here inside your vehicle for you. And as vivid as that all is, you have some very sleek, elegant-looking controls working your way down the center console here into the HVAC, right? The air conditioning. Yeah. So, one of the things I love is the Lexus climate concierge that we have embedded into the HVAC system. Basically, think of it as an advanced version of automatic climate control. You have all the controls for your AC and your heat for the vehicle included with the available heated steering wheel controls and also your heated and ventilated seats that you have inside the vehicle. And as we talked about, the LC convertible adds so much more into the cabin and experience. They didn't stop with just Lexus climate concierge. They added in also these new neck heaters that you can manually control and adjust the vent for depending on how tall you are as an individual driving or being a passenger in the vehicle. That is all connected. Included. To Lexus climate concierge. And another great addition is the open air control where the system automatically detects whether the top is up or down and pays attention to the sunlight, vehicle speed, and also the outside ambient temperature. So that way it can self-adjust the system to keep you very comfortable and right to your temperature that you have inside the vehicle. Wow. So lending to the idea of top-down year-round truly, whether it's hot or cold. You got that right. No matter what day of the year it is, what season. You can enjoy LC to its fullest. And Chad, this vehicle has the available Mark Levinson reference surround sound system. Yeah, it's absolutely amazing. It really allows you to feel right inside of the music. Like you're on stage with your favorite artist. It's quite exceptional. Now, does it work better with the top up versus the top down? It actually doesn't matter. The engineers thought that through right from the beginning. So they built in an algorithm, whether the top is up or down, it can automatically switch between the two. And self-adjust the speakers to provide you that immersive experience that you're looking for with the Mark Levinson system. Great. This is the call I was looking for. Hey, David. Hey, Chad, my man. Happy to get your checks. What's up? Hey, I have a surprise for you. And I was wondering if you'd meet me at Eagle's Canyon Raceway tomorrow. Wait, is it? Wait a minute. Is it the... Yeah, it's the LC convertible. No way. Are you serious? Absolutely. Hope to see you there early in the morning because we have the track all day. You bet. I'll see you there, Chad. Thank you. Sounds good. Bye. Chad, one of the things I'm not seeing are the controls to operate the top. Where are they? This is a unique little trick that's in the LC convertible. Right here by the palm rest is the operating control. It's the operation for the top. That's really cool. So it's just kind of covered up and out of the way when you don't need to get to it. You're right. And now watch this. Speeds all the way up to 31 miles an hour. You can even operate the top. The sun's a little bit too much for you. You can bring it right up and close it out. Top raises in 16 seconds and you can fold it down at about 15. That is cool. Now, one of the things I have noticed about the top is it looks so much more refined than other convertibles I've seen on the road. The support structure underneath. What's different about it? The design team did do a fantastic job with the convertible top. They stayed truest to the form of the LC coupe by keeping the exact roof line so that way this vehicle not only drives and feels like an LC inside, but looks like it going down the road. They look to the best of all worlds. So, Scott, we've been talking about what it's like to have the convertible top out. What do you think of the interior? What strikes me about it, Chad, is every time I look at it, I'm like, oh, my God, this is so much better. I mean, I'm not even going to look at the interior. There's something new that I notice, some degree of detail that I notice that they've gone to. And it's everywhere. I mean, you could start at the door panel and see where that trim comes down. See this panel insert here. It's beautiful. That's totally Lexus. I mean, you don't see lines like this on the road anywhere. Except maybe LC coupe. Chad, one of the other things I love about this vehicle is the belt line, how it just kicks up at the back. It looks awesome. Talking about the exterior of the vehicle, these 21-inch forged aluminum wheels are absolutely stunning. The rear wheels are lighter than ever before to further showcase the dynamics of this vehicle. And the exterior, no matter what your taste is, there's lots of different colors to choose between, including different convertible tops to match. You can craft your own style with a wide range of colors inside and out. Scott, how was that ride? Chad, that ride was exhilarating. It felt confident and fun, yet comfortable all at the same time. I'm glad you felt that because I feel that every single time I get behind the wheel of this vehicle. One of the things I love to point out is the design cues on the vehicle. Starts right here at the grille, continues right up the hood line, and continues right inside the vehicle seamlessly. Something that you won't see on the road today. Chad, I see that. It ties the exterior to the interior seamlessly. I love that. I love that. I love that. And that actually continues all the way to the back to the tail lamps. A lot of convertibles, it's all about what has to be taken out to give you that open top experience. With the LC convertible, it's all about what's being added in. From the overall design, features, and driving performance, it's just taking the LC to the next level, what it truly means to drive one. So a great addition to the LC line, but a great addition to the Lexus brand. I have one more question, Chad. What is it? When do I get to drive it? How about right now? We'll just see. Sure, sure. Management changes. Derek, what are you going to be tusive for next? I want to see it. SAM, what are you going to put into the car? A million dollars, of course. He knows what he's doing. That's a bet. Derek, now, you have to ask yourself, how can the trucks be this much of a板 in my car million dollars? It's in the water, but what are you going to do? Right, Ben? I can't believe that. potent.