 Hey everyone, this is the Nissan Altima. This is a car that gives you surprising versatility in a spacious, fuel-efficient sedan with intelligent all-wheel drive so you're ready for snow, rain, and other tough weather. Add on SUV-like flexibility, round it out with cool tech, a premium interior, and Altima is ready with a lot of solves built in to help you enjoy every part of your drive. Let's check it out. Want to make commuting a little easier? Just press this button. ProPILOT Assist helps with steering to help keep you centered and at a set distance in your lane, and it can handle stop-and-go highway traffic for you. Rest your feet and relax your hands. It does the rest. Push the button here and add a little kick to your drive. Getting stuck in stopped traffic can be a drag, but press this auto hold button and Altima will hold the brakes for you. So you can chill a bit. When it's time to move, just hit the accelerator. Altima automatically releases the brake for you. Plan to be here for a while? Nissan literally has your back with Altima's zero-gravity front seats. They're inspired by astronauts' long journey into space. To make sure you can charge the latest devices, Altima has USB-A and USB-C inputs. And with Apple CarPlay, you can access certain apps from your compatible iPhone right on the display. Use your favorite third-party navigation apps for even more traffic intel. Even keeping out noise comes down to a science. Acoustic laminated glass in the front windows helps keep your drive quiet. Handy on conference calls. Everyone hears better. Not to mention, you can enjoy the awesome sound from the Bose premium audio system. How about taking on every tight parking spot ever? Check out Altima's new Smart Car.com app. It's the latest in the smart car market. It's a smart car that uses the Smart Car app to monitor your surroundings. It's a smart car that uses the Smart Car app to monitor your surroundings. It gives you two views. A bumper view and a drone-like view from above so you can see your surroundings. It's great for backing into tricky parallel parking spots or pulling forward into tight spots. Are you that one helpful friend? Well, you can load up moving boxes with ease. Drop down the second row and you have a bonafide cargo bay. Need to carry larger items? They slide right in. Bring your bike. No need to pop off the front wheel. Who needs an SUV with space like this? On a freezing cold morning, Altima has you covered. Just start your car remotely and warm it up with Remote Engine Start. It warms the cabin while heating the steering wheel and seats. You'll never drive in a winter coat and gloves again. If you're like me, you'll occasionally forget stuff in the back seat when you get out of the car. Nissan solved that with Rear Door Alert. Once it's in, you can start the car. Activated, you can get an on-screen reminder and a quick beep to check for anything you might have left behind. You don't want to be the guy who forgot the birthday cake. Have a tire that needs a little air? Altima honks when you've reached the right PSI. And three times when you've overfilled. This is a smart solve. You can choose your wiper speed at a glance. Nissan's new Rear Door Alert. Nissan has taken the guesswork out of figuring out what your wiper setting is. They put the settings right on the screen in front of you, so you don't end up on a manic setting for just a few drops. Looks like we've pretty much covered all of Altima's solves. All that's left to do is get behind the wheel and enjoy the drive. You can turn them on when you want to have your car ready to give you all the fun. Of course, the intervals on a condition most cars typically have as well, so you don't want to be on your deathbed. Steep, abrad,hall, roll, set, roll, grap. That's how you really do race in. This testing is recipe format. Before it would be any other difference to do a press reached with the right university option. My options are called, because it's what's right here, or I tend to go with my... Word menu, if I'm getting myself into a local test and start what I'm doing first in part 3. How does that compare? Have a quick. Set upmit. Let's do it.