 Over 300 combined horsepower, standard all-wheel drive, and the strongest acceleration in Toyota's lineup outside of the GR family. Sounds like the specs of a hard-charging sports car, but the real charging this Toyota does is aided by a plug. That's because this Toyota is the 2023 RAV4 Prime plug-in hybrid. What that means is all that impressive performance comes with an even more impressive MPG-E rating. Let's take a closer look at this game-changing plug-in small SUV. RAV4 Prime's plug-in hybrid powertrain produces a combined 302 net horsepower, an 83-horsepower increase over the standard RAV4 hybrid. And because it's a plug-in hybrid, it also has an EV-only motor. The power is available in a standard mode with an EPA-estimated 42-mile range rating. To leverage that range, just charge it up. This can be done using the standard Level 1 charging cable connected to a regular wall outlet, or via an available 240-volt Level 2 charging solution, which brings the estimated charge time down to around 2.5 hours. All said, RAV4 Prime has an EPA-estimated rating of 94 MPG-E combined. If you're looking for a plug-in hybrid, however, you're unable to plug in to recharge, no problem. RAV4 Prime simply carries on as a standard hybrid, with an EPA-estimated rating of 38 MPG-E combined. The 2023 RAV4 Prime is available in two sport-oriented trims, the highly capable SE and the premium XSE trim. The Weather and Moonroof package, available on SE, adds a power moonroof, heated steering wheel, heated rear outboard seats, and rain-sensing wipers with de-icer functionality. RAV4 Prime is also offered with a premium package available on XSE that adds a number of high-end features, including a panoramic roof with front power tilt-slide moonroof, panoramic view monitor, heated and ventilated Softex-trimmed seats with red stitching, and an 8-way power-adjustable driver's seat with two-position memory function. RAV4 Prime operates on a single-prong этих ambient air vents. RAV4 Prime exhibits a design that is simultaneously refined, while reflecting its performance capabilities, with a sleek exterior boasting an exclusive black diamond-patterned front grille. RAV4 Prime is offered in a wide variety of available colours, and XSE takes things further with a standard two-tone paint scheme, 19-inch two-tone machined alloy wheels, red shock absorbers, and 3D spray of spray holders, LED accent lights. Soft touch materials and red stitching accents distinguish the 2023 RAV4 Prime, as does its ample passenger and cargo space, and a whole host of comfort and convenience features. Among these are standard heated front seats and 8-way power driver's seat with lumbar adjustment, and a standard leather steering wheel with available heating functionality. Both RAV4 Prime trims also feature special noise-reducing front side windows. RAV4 Prime XSE elevates the experience with standard Softex-trimmed seats, available ventilated front seats, and a driver's seat with available two-position memory functionality. All of this is on top of the standard features the RAV4 family is already known for, including 60-40 split-up seats. It also features a wide folding and reclining rear seats, its large center console with available blue ambient lighting, as well as an available power panoramic glass roof. RAV4 Prime doesn't limit the use of cutting-edge technology to its powertrain. There's as much tech to be found inside as out to set it apart from anything in its class. Case in point? The all-new version of the Toyota Audio Multimedia System, accessed through a larger 8-inch touchscreen in S-Series. And in the XSE, a 10.5-inch touchscreen, the largest ever offered in a RAV4. Toyota's latest Audio Multimedia platform includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including maps, messages, podcasts, and music subscriptions. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices. Plus, there's a standard 3-month SiriusXM Platinum plan to keep your phone and phone connected to your phone. And that's it for this video. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to hit the like button, and if you want to support the channel, make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel. We'll see you in the next video. Bye for now. Thanks for watching. Next time on SXM Mobile, we'll be talking about the SXM Mobile app. The app is a Platinum Plan trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in-cabin, and even more on the SXM Mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. And if that isn't enough, XSE has standard JBL Premium audio with 11 speakers that can help pump up the volume on any commute or road trip. A variety of high-tech conveniences can be found within both RAV4 Prime grades, including standard Smart Key system, 5 USB ports, an available 10-inch head-up display, and standard Qi wireless smartphone charging on XSE. And of course, RAV4 Prime is designed to work seamlessly with Toyota's connected services, including trials on select grades to the all-new Drive Connect, the enhanced Wi-Fi Connect, Safety Connect, Service Connect, and Remote Connect, which has a built-in charging station locator, charge management features, and remote climate settings. Thanks for watching. For added convenience on the go, there is available front and rear parking assist with automatic braking, and an available digital rearview mirror on XSE to see more of what's behind. If that isn't enough, XSE has an available panoramic view monitor to help drivers spot hard-to-see objects and better navigate their surroundings. Like the rest of the RAV4 family, and through the wider Toyota lineup, RAV4 Prime is packed with advanced safety features. Both XSE and XSE have been upgraded to the standard Toyota Safety Sense 2.5 Plus suite of active safety systems, including a pre-collision system with pedestrian and bicyclist detection, full-speed range dynamic radar cruise control, road sign assist, and more. Toyota's star safety system is also featured in RAV4 Prime, as are eight airbags and standard blind spot monitor with rear cross-traffic alert. The 2023 RAV4 Prime continues to lead the plug-in hybrid small SUV segment with greater innovation, quality, and performance than ever. Its value is further elevated with the Toyota Hybrid Battery Warranty, which lasts for 10 years or 150,000 miles, whichever comes first. Factor in Toyota's reputation for quality, durability, and reliability. And, of course, the Toyota Hybrid Battery Warranty, which is the most important part of the Toyota Hybrid Battery Warranty. The Toyota Hybrid Battery Warranty is a premium, premium, and premium car. It's a premium car that's worth more than a million dollars. It's a premium car that's worth more than a million dollars. As well as the peace of mind that every new Toyota includes ToyotaCare, which provides two years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first, of scheduled maintenance. And two years unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance. And it quickly becomes clear that RAV4 Prime lives up to its name. Visit toyota.com slash RAV4 Prime to learn more. And don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel for more videos like this.