 Hey everybody, this is the Nissan LEAF. LEAF is a legend. Since its debut in 2010, LEAF owners have driven over 8 billion miles globally. Nissan used all this experience to create the most innovative LEAF to date. It's got an exterior that slices through air. It's intuitively designed, surprisingly spacious, and packed with the latest available tech. Driving LEAF is truly an electrifying experience. We're going to start by figuring out which LEAF is right for you. With LEAF, you've got options. The S model has a range of up to 149 miles. If you need to go farther, step up to the SV Plus for enhanced performance and up to 212 miles per charge. Let's talk about LEAF's next-level technology. LEAF loves tech. Check out all the cool stuff you can do with your connected device. Use the available NissanConnect EV and Services app to get instant access to your LEAF. Check your battery's current status, charging progress, or even find your LEAF in a parking lot. Heat up or cool down LEAF's cabin before you ever get in for instant comfort. Your Nissan LEAF can alert you when it's charged, but there's even more to love about LEAF on the inside. Let's check it out. LEAF is in the car. LEAF is in the car. LEAF is in the car. Leap streamlines the EV life by giving you all the info you want right where you need it. Customize your digital display with a power meter, a charge time screen, and more. And in the center of your dash, you can find charge station support. And even filter it by type. Leap seamlessly helps keep you in the know and on the go. But what about staying connected? Leap's got that solved too. And unlike other EVs, you don't need to learn a whole new interface. Just plug in with Android Auto, and Leap becomes an extension of your compatible smartphone. Leap can keep you connected. Driving has its challenges. Fortunately, Leap's got some great solves. First, give your foot a break with e-pedal. Just flip the switch and drive with one pedal. Press down on the accelerator to go, and ease off the same pedal to slow down. This way, you can slow down. This way, it's way more fun switching from city driving to mountain roads. Want to smooth out your drive even more? No problem. Just activate available ProPILOT Assist, set your speed and distance, and Leap can help keep you centered in your lane. And when the car ahead of you begins to brake, Leap can slow down even to a stop. And when traffic picks up, Leap will start moving again automatically. Want a car that looks out for you? Leap has a camera system that helps you see and sense more on all four sides. And to get your car out of the way, you can use the Leap app. Leap's intelligent around-view monitor gives you a virtual drone-like composite 360 view that lets you see all sides when you park, even in those tight, compact spaces. Leap also helps you see and sense more when you're driving. What if someone suddenly steps out in front of you? Leap can detect that and help brake for you. And when you're backing out of your parking spot or driveway, Rear Cross Traffic Alert can warn you about detected vehicles creeping up from either side. Or if you don't see a large stationary object when you're backing up. Leap can sense it, help you stop, and potentially avoid a fender bender. What if you're changing lanes and you don't see a car in the blind spot area? Leap can detect it, alert you, and help guide you back into your lane. Because Leap's an EV, there's no bump in the floor from a conventional transmission. This means you can stretch out your legs and carry more stuff. With the seats up, Leap easily accommodates up to five and still gives you ample room for luggage. With the seats down, Leap can fit a bike. No need to pop off the wheel if you're not in a hurry. Leap can also help you get your car out of the way. It just slides right in. With Leap, you'll have room for just about any adventure. When it comes to charging, if you know how to charge one of these, then you know how to charge one of these. At home, just plug your Leap into your Level 2 charger. You'll be fully charged in seven and a half hours with the S model or 11 hours with the SV Plus, which means every morning Leap wakes up refreshed, recharged, and ready to go. If you want to supercharge, ask Leap to find you a Level 3 DC fast charger. Plug into one of these and you'll be up to 80% in as little as 45 minutes. Just enough time to call an old friend and catch up. How easy is that? Thoughtfully designed with versatility and tech that smooths out your drive, it's no wonder the Nissan Leap still goes a distance. fleet после