 Toyota Grand Highlander redefines the family SUV with its clean, sophisticated design and impressive versatility, featuring seating for up to eight and intuitive technologies that are designed to help keep everyone connected and safe on the road. Grand Highlander is all about making the journey fun and easy. Together with its three responsive powertrain choices, as well as the added traction of available all-wheel drive, Grand Highlander is the ultimate SUV packed with plenty of features to keep the family relaxed on that next epic adventure. Grand Highlander's five-grade lineup combines athletic style with family-friendly practicality. It's also efficient thanks to its two available hybrid powertrains, including the potent Hybrid Max system. Alongside the new Nightshade model with its head-turning blackout look, the LE-grade joins the lineup. This new model offers seating for eight and includes standard features like a power-adjustable driver seat, seven USB-C ports, and a 12.3-inch touchscreen. The LE-grade elevates Grand Highlander's family-friendly practicality. Grand Highlander is the only SUV packed with the latest features, and it's the first SUV to be released with a new design. Grand Highlander's value to new levels. Simple, clean, and functional. That's what makes Grand Highlander's exterior standout. The standard LED headlights help light the road ahead, all while giving Grand Highlander a commanding presence. This is further enhanced by available 20-inch alloy wheels, giving this stylish family SUV a stance that complements its modern looks. Models equipped with the Hybrid Max system add an athletic touch thanks to the available dual exhaust tips that hint at the power under the hood. And for a stylish, modern aesthetic, the new Nightshade grade gives Grand Highlander the blackout treatment. Available in three exterior colors, including the striking cement hue, Grand Highlander Nightshade adds details like black painted mirror caps, door handles, and window trim, black exterior badging, a black painted rear spoiler, a black painted shark fin antenna, and 20-inch black alloy wheels. With black lug nuts for a look that stands out from the crowd. Plus, an available panoramic moonroof helps bring a spacious, airy feel, while the available power liftgate is designed to help add convenience when it's time to load up for the next road trip. This design story goes beyond looking good on the road. It's complemented by a stylish interior that offers even more space. Grand Highlander's interior is all about riding in style comfortably. And bringing everyone along, plus their gear. Step inside and enjoy the standard three-zone automatic climate control system that keeps the cabin at the ideal temperature. Plus 13 cup and bottle holders to keep every drink in place. Fold the second and third rows down, and Grand Highlander has up to 97.5 cubic feet of cargo space. Meaning there's plenty of room for the whole family, with more to spare. This incredible versatility is complemented by features that make everyday driving relaxing. Available heated and ventilated front seats, an available heated steering wheel, and available heated and ventilated second row captain's chairs add a premium touch to this practical package. Meanwhile, the adult-sized third row with large windows ensures everyone can come along on the next epic trip, and enjoy the best views no matter where they're sitting. Plus, the available interior ambient lighting sets the mood when night comes. Grand Highlander's usability goes beyond carrying cargo, and the interior is a perfect example of that. The Grand Highlander's interior is a perfect example of that. Thanks to its two available 120-volt, 1500-watt outlets on the hybrid and hybrid max grains, everyone can plug in while unplugging during the weekend getaway. Additionally, the available Qi-compatible wireless charger keeps mobile devices powered, while the available 12.3-inch digital gauge cluster and available head-up display are designed to put relevant data in the driver's line of sight. Practical comfort is just one part of Grand Highlander's interior story. It also packs intuitive technologies that keep everyone connected. It also packs intuitive technologies that keep everyone connected. It also packs intuitive technologies that keep everyone connected. Every Grand Highlander comes standard with the Toyota Audio Multimedia Platform with a 12.3-inch touchscreen, and includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including maps, messages, podcasts, and music subscriptions. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone while driving. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. In addition, wired Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. In addition, wired Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to connect to your phone or tablet, and also allows you to play music on your phone while driving. Plus, there's a standard three-month SiriusXM trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in-cabin and even more on the SiriusXM app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. All grades also come with trials to Toyota's line of connected services, including Safety Connect, Service Connect, Remote Connect, Wi-Fi Connect, and Drive Connect. This audio multimedia experience is elevated even further by the available 11-speaker JBL Premium audio system, which plays road trip playlists in high fidelity. Grand Highlander also helps bring added reassurance thanks to its advanced active safety and convenience features. Grand Highlander's active safety and driver assistance features are designed to promote more confidence on the road. That's why every grade comes standard with Toyota SafetyConnect. Here's a little-known feature T-estone surface partner. The T- 알고 Alcamb takiej Bus skallon Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert is designed to help warn drivers of vehicles in the lanes next to them. While Traffic Jam Assist, which requires an active DriveConnect trial or subscription, is designed to make driving through congested areas even easier. Grand Highlander also makes maneuvering through tight spaces a breeze. The available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking alerts drivers of obstacles nearby. Plus, the available Panoramic View Monitor provides a clear view of what's around the vehicle. All of this tech and convenience is complemented by a confident drive. Thanks to its smooth power and comfortable ride, Grand Highlander is ready for the open road. Grand Highlander's premium feel is elevated thanks to its three advanced powertrain choices that fit every family's lifestyle. All while delivering a quality blend of performance and efficiency. This starts with a turbocharged 2.4L V8 engine. A 4.4L 4-cylinder engine with 265 horsepower on gas grades. And an available 2.5L 4-cylinder hybrid system with 245 net combined horsepower. Both of which make Grand Highlander a refined performer. Need even more power? Choose the available Hybrid Max system. With 362 net combined horsepower and 400 pound-feet of torque, this electrified powerhouse gives Grand Highlander effortless acceleration. On top of that, Grand Highlander... ...is the best-selling car in the world. The Grand Highlander can tow up to 5,000 pounds, allowing drivers to bring more gear on that next road trip. Complementing this impressive power and capability is a suspension tuned for maximum comfort. Featuring McPherson front struts and a multi-link setup in the rear, Grand Highlander offers a smooth, relaxing ride on those long journeys. And should road conditions require extra traction, Grand Highlander's gas grades are available with all-wheel drive. Which is designed to help drivers get through inclement weather. On the other hand, hybrid grades are available with electronic on-demand all-wheel drive. Which is designed to help improve performance across a wide range of driving scenarios. While hybrid max grades, full-time electronic all-wheel drive is designed to give drivers a performance-oriented feel on the road. On top of that, Grand Highlander has up to an EPA-estimated 24 miles per gallon combined on gas grades. Up to an EPA-estimated 36 miles per gallon combined on the efficiency-focused hybrid grades. Or an EPA-estimated 27 miles per gallon combined on the performance-oriented hybrid max grades. Making this a quintessential road trip SUV for families in search of adventure. It's easy to see why Grand Highlander is the ultimate adventure SUV. Thanks to its refined yet efficient drive, spacious intuitive interior, and clean, sophisticated design. This SUV checks every single detail. Every box and then some. Best of all, Grand Highlander possesses strong value. Since it includes ToyotaCare. Which provides 2 years or 25,000 miles of scheduled maintenance. Whichever comes first. And 2-year unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance. On top of that, Grand Highlander's hybrid and hybrid max models include a hybrid system warranty for 8 years or 100,000 miles. Whichever comes first. And a 10-year or 150,000 mile hybrid battery warranty. Whichever comes first. Making them great choices for long-term ownership. With all of these factors considered, it's clear that Grand Highlander is the stylish SUV for the modern family. Want to learn more? Check out toyota.com slash grandhighlander. And don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.