 The Audi A4. Nine generations. A 45-year legacy. Since the Audi 80 was released in 1972, the iconic A4 series has defined, pushed, and propelled us as a brand. The all-new ninth generation Audi A4 continues this legacy and once again resets the bar for what luxury means in this segment. The exterior of the all-new A4 has numerous design choices made not just for form but also function. Available LED headlights have an undercut design with a more focused look while the single-frame grille adds depth to the front. The hood and shoulder design provide a more aggressive feel while other design decisions, including the door-mounted exterior mirrors, enhance the aero acoustics of the A4, allowing for a more pronounced, quiet ride. Other small but important changes include the new ergonomically operated door handles, which open up instead of out for better comfort, while the trunk has a hands-free gesture control option as well. The LED taillights feature dynamic turn signals while a distinct new double accent line extends down the entire length of the car. The new A4 is a more modern and modern design, with the new A4's all-new interior and interior mirrors, which are now in the shape of the side. Advances in aluminum hybrid lightweight construction make the all-new A4 up to 99 pounds lighter. In fact, it's slightly longer, wider and has a bigger wheelbase than the previous model. The differences on the all-new A4 aren't just skin deep either. What's underneath may be even better. A new 2.0-liter, 4-cylinder engine provides a class-leading 252 horsepower, 273 pound-feet of torque, and a new, more powerful 2.0-liter, 4-cylinder engine. The new A4 is equipped with a new 3-speed automatic transmission, which will allow the A4 to accelerate at a speed of up to 50 kmph. The new A4 has a 273 pound-feet of torque and can go 0-to-60 in 5.7 seconds with the available Quattro all-wheel drive. A new front and rear axles improve comfort, along with an available user-selectable 5-link suspension system. Comfort Mode allows for additional absorption on uneven road surfaces, and Sport Mode lowers the A4 23 millimeters for a more dynamic ride. The available legendary Quattro all-wheel drive can supply up to 70% of torque to the front wheels or 85% to the rear as needed. Even with all this, still so much more has changed. Interior dimensions have increased, now with more shoulder width, head space and rear legroom than its predecessor. Ambient LED lighting illuminates the cabin and can be customized to choice. Premium leather-appointed front seats with full electric adjustment and lumbar back support are available, as well as heating and ventilation. The climate controls reduce clutter by using touch-sensitive buttons, while the independent rear zone receives the only digitized control available in its class. The MMI system has been redesigned and can be navigated by using the rotary knob, handwriting on the touchpad, or, for the first time, natural lighting. The MMI system is also equipped with a multi-language selection. Questions like, where's the nearest Audi dealership, can bring back the intended result. Android Auto and Apple CarPlay integration is standard in the A4 as well. Simply plug in and the MMI becomes an extension of your compatible phone's connected capabilities. The available Bang & Olufsen 3D sound system uses 19 speakers throughout the cabin to create spatial dimension to the sound, almost as if heard right from the stage. The beautifully implemented available virtual cockpit is a perfect example of the power of the A4. The A4 is a great choice for a car that's not used to driving. The A4 is a great choice for a car that's not used to driving. The A4 is the largest digitized instrument cluster in its class. With its 12.3-inch display, Classic mode offers a crisp and clear view of the traditional speedometer and tachometer, while Infotainment mode minimizes the classic gauges in favor of navigation and other visuals. The available Head-Up Display appears to hover just over 6.5 feet from the windscreen, helping reduce eye strain as your eyes transition a shorter distance from the road to the information most needed and back again. A new generation of Audi Connect for compatible smartphones can lock and unlock doors, view vehicle status, and set valet, boundary, and speed alerts to notify you of unexpected or unauthorized use. Apps are available for select smartwatches, which allow control of Audi Connect right from your wrist. And finally, the all-new A4 offers standard and available driver assistance systems to help ease the stress of the road, some of which are not available elsewhere in its segment. The A4 is the most popular of the A4 series, and is the most popular of the A4 series. The A4 is the most popular of the A4 series. The A4 is the most popular of the A4 series. Luxury in this class has a new definition. The all-new Audi A4.