 Hey Tyson. Hey Lee, how you doing? Doing great, how are you? Awesome. Beautiful car, isn't it? It is a beautiful design. Yes, John and Caden's design team did an excellent job. Absolutely. What do you say we get inside the car and take it for a spin? Yeah, let's go. All right. Looks like we got a nice looking trio of Acura ILX's, Lee. Yes, we have three models which we think are the perfect blend of performance and efficiency. Let's start here with Acura's first hybrid. It's a 1.5 liter hybrid system with the CVT transmission. What's this one over here? The black car is a 2.4 liter engine putting out 201 horsepower, made it to a six-speed manual transmission. Nice. A little bit more sporty on this one. Absolutely. Okay, what about this one over here? Yep, we have what we think is going to be our most popular model. It's a 2.0 liter engine putting out 150 horsepower. It's made it to a five-speed automatic transmission. Right. Nice blend of features for each person that's in the market for a car like this. Yeah, hopefully something for everybody. I noticed that the car definitely stays planted when I'm cornering like this. Are there any suspension improvements that were made? Yeah, this vehicle does have amplitude reactive dampers to help to keep the body flat and keep control over the bumps. I really like the way Acura's put a lot of the features and functionality into keeping connected, whether it is a car that's driving or a car that's driving by the phone. Definitely got a lot of connectivity to the driver and I think that's what really makes Acura such a driver's brand is the ability of someone to personalize and really make the car their own. Absolutely. We think the key point of the driver is to drive, but we understand that connectivity and entertainment are high priorities, so we try to put the features and the controls where they need to be that's more easily usable. And then with an Acura, you know, I've come to expect things like a quiet road driving experience. So, what kind of measures were taken in your end to make sure that the driver's somewhat isolated from those noises? Yeah, there's extra insulation placed throughout the vehicle, inside, inside the cabin and in the engine bay, throughout the vehicle that help keep that unwanted noise outside the car. Right. Hey, Lee, is there anything about fuel economy in terms of measures that were taken to make sure that the ILX performs the way it should? Absolutely, quite a few things, starting from the aerodynamics of the car. Not only the overall shape, but things like the underbody covers that are designed to help air slip through the bottom of the vehicle, all the way to things like tires, they're having the right rubber compound for minimum rolling resistance, and then things like transmission tuning, engine tuning, all done for maximum fuel economy. This has been a really fun drive. I think I might want to take this one on my next road trip. Yeah, definitely. Let's see what we can do. Maybe we can get you behind the wheel of one of these cars. All right. Let's see what we can do.