 Hello and welcome for the next big product news from BMW and BMW i. The best-selling executive sedan finally enters its eighth generation. Here it is the new BMW 5 series and with two versions it also finally joins the BMW i family of a hundred percent electric driving pleasure. This is the first ever BMW i5. The new 5 and the new i5 models move boldly into the future with a cutting-edge powertrain portfolio catering for all driver wishes and individual lifestyles including new mild hybrid petrol and diesel models, models with the newest generation of BMW plug-in hybrid drive and models with the newest generation of BMW fully electric drive. They combine that with a compelling evolution of the familiar stylish design and with the height of digital BMW control, infotainment, comfort and assistance technology. So let's get into it. The design of the new 5 brings a new level of modernity clarity and presence to the known classy exterior shapes. Looking at the front we recognize all the BMW icons with some striking updates. So the horizontal kidney grille is available with BMW iconic glow surround for the new 5 and emerging from it the bonnet and the bumper lines form a tout clear face, just as an iconic facelift. It's a new 5, and it's a new 5, and the 5's design is coming to the new 5 series. The 5 is a new 5, and it's a new 5, and it's a new 5, and it's a new 5. a new 5, and it's a new 5, and it's a new 5, and it's a new 5, and it's a new 5, and it's a new 5. as ever more elegant or sporty, of course, depending on the model. And the standard LED lights put an equally understated modern twist on their classic expression with the four daytime running light stripes. The silhouette shows the classic mix of sportiness and elegance with its elongated, flowing three box shape. And the vertical profile is aerodynamically smooth and stylish with flush door handles and just two bold lines. And at the same time, it's athletic, thanks to the prominent rear wheel houses. There is the Hoffmeister kink and a bold new interpretation. This five badging is a first. And you will notice how this black seal line wrapping all around the back adds more sportiness. It lowers the visual center of gravity and makes the body appear slim and fast. The rear bumper is a little bit more of a classic, but it's still a bit more of a classic than the old. And then we have a sophisticated merging of lines and surfaces from the flank into the rear. Now back here, few precise lines shape the familiar horizontal width. The iconic L of the rear lights is a very timely twin light, designed in the new generation, consisting of these four long spread LED elements and a silver highlight in between. Now the rear bumper finishes off with a bold, elegant, and stylish design. It's a great design. It is a great design, and it's a great design, and it's a great design, and it's a great design, and it's a great design, and it's a great design, because it's a good design. It's a great design, and it's a great design, but it doesn't ask for much with theium. You can notice that local design elements are here, as well, but are not necessarily looking for a wolf in this model. Just like the 45 amended Benedicte, which is the 70 Moore gradient치를, the place attached to the frontяти is what het thelim was chosen as its socioeconomic preference for production. Today, known specifically for race cars, life various videos on the evil forest storms of допper brilliant parasols, but what is even bigger interesting is the great couple of colorAREs, the wake upetin it. performance parts is available for all models of the new five. Now welcome inside the new five where the impression of timely stylishness and technological sophistication by focusing on the essential is even stronger and this goes across the model line. Now you'll immediately notice this new defining highlight we call this the interaction bar and together with the new BMW curved display floating above the large clear surface of the instrument panel they are the strongest indicators of the minimalistic digital functionality of the new generation. The brilliant glass look surface of the interaction bar has touch functionality for important functions like climate control, exterior lights and the seats and it lights up either for signals or for ambient lighting in connection to the my modes. The BMW curved display is the interface to the new BMW operating system 8.5 and elevates the digital user experience to a whole new level. The physical focus of this driver's center cockpit is of course on the steering wheel, or the optional Emma leather steering wheel with new multifunctional controls. Now the control panel in the center console emerges from this comfortable armrest but is visually separated to a very lofty effect by it's optional glass design and ambient lighting it has a reduced new control layout for convenient handling and a great overview. The seats again run the gamut of sportiness and elegance. They come standard as sport seats or optional as comfort seats or M multifunctional seats in a variety of upholstery designs in the vegan leather alternative Veganza or leather merino. And the select seat upholstery of course matches the other upholstery and surface trims including new open pore wood finishes. There's even a new sustainable bonus. For the first time the 5 is available with vegan materials all over. And in the rear, well it goes without saying that the harmonious and modern merge of luxury, comfort, and practicality continues back here. Just look at this lush rear seat bench with wraparound upholstery extending into the doors. There's familiar ample seat room lifted to even more airiness by the optional upholstery design with a lot of new accessories and retro stuff. The 5's also come with a special design that's in the best condition. There's a limited panorama glass roof. An optional digital climate control panel including rear seat heating provides extra travel and comfort for the rear seat passengers. The optional travel and comfort sockets with electric connection add extra convenience for them to use their business or downtime in the new 5. For example, you can bring and mount your own personal mobile device and connect it to the in-car Wi-Fi hotspot via the BMW Personal eSim. That's the new way of rear seat entertainment in the 5. But let's hit the road already, shall we? So the new variety of 5 Series models leaves nothing to desire in terms of a confident driving experience perfect for longer journeys and comfortable commuting. New petrol and diesel models all come with a 14-inch ؟??? 48-volt mild hybrid system and with Sceptronic automatic transmission for state-of-the-art efficiency and start-stop comfort. Different plug-in hybrid models are released later with the latest BMW high voltage battery and plug-in hybrid drive technology. The plug-in hybrid models are expected to have an electric driving range of up to a hundred and two kilometers according to WLTP. And the new digital hybrid drive settings menu and BMW operating system 8.5 offers intelligent automatic regulation and easy individual switch between drive modes. So the combination of reliable long-distance traveling and efficient city driving reaches new heights of convenience and sustainability. And then there are the all-new BMW i5 models with cutting-edge holistically sustainable all-electric drive and high voltage technology. The i5 eDrive40 offers a high-performance all-electric driving dynamics and comfort with 340 horsepower or 250 kilowatts of power, 400 Newton meters of torque and up to 582 kilometers of driving range according to WLTP. Still not sporty enough? Well with the new BMW i5 M60 xDrive we can experience real M typical driving dynamics as well as confident long-distance traveling in an all-electric BMW sedan. Its xDrive is realized with two electric motors producing a combined system power of 601 horsepower or 442 kilowatts with 820 Newton meters of torque. Its best in segment BMW M dynamics come out best with the optional adaptive M suspension professional including active role stabilization and they show themselves in an acceleration from zero to a hundred kilometers per hour in 3.8 seconds and a top speed of 230 kilometers an hour. To round off the motorsport feeling it comes with M specific design highlights and M specific BMW iconic sounds electric. Expanding its offer of all-electric models of course BMW is far from done improving driving efficiency but also overall sustainability. For one thing the production of the BMW i5 is based on a hundred percent renewable energy and a socially and ecologically optimized raw material chain. In traffic you can save electric energy in the BMW i5 with the new max range driving mode. For example if you need to save driving range to skip a defect or occupied charging station on your route. But for very general purposes too in max range mode the vehicle intelligently optimizes efficiency by regulating drive transmission, drivetrain and comfort systems. Moreover it supports your driving style with the efficiency trainer display information. This way you can increase your driving range by up to 20 percent. Of course all BMW 5 Series and i5 models offer future-proof BMW efficiency and sustainability. Starting with these models BMW gives you complete transparency into the overall CO2 footprint of your car over its entire life cycle. More of the latest BMW driving assistance technology realizes the other essential aspects of a safe, comfortable and joyful BMW driving experience. The optional driving assistant professional includes active cruise control with stop and go functionality, a starting reminder and distance information for comfortable city driving. Additional optional features in some countries offer assisted driving up to 130 kilometers per hour. For relaxed driving on the motorway. Now for convenient and safe parking the parking assistant professional is available including automatic maneuvering assistant and remote control parking. And what about charging the new plug-in hybrid and fully electric BMW executive sedans? Well in addition to all known practical and practical features, BMW charging offers some very cool new features. So the plug-in hybrid BMW 5 Series and the BMW i5 come with established standard equipment. Including the flexible fast charger with an updated adapter system for convenient adaptive charging at different home locations. Also included is the BMW charging card for access to a huge network of charging stations. And the BMW i5 eDrive40 and i5 M60xDrive offer DC charging up to 205 kilowatts enabling charging times from 10 to 80% in just 30 minutes. At home the BMW wallbox of the third generation can be your safe, fast and comfortable personal charging station. With the new plug-in hybrid BMW 5 Series and the BMW i5 eDrive40, you can charge your car with a single plug-in hybrid. And with the new plug-in hybrid BMW i5 eDrive40, you can charge your car with a single plug-in hybrid. And with the new plug-in hybrid BMW i5 eDrive40, you can charge your car with a single plug-in hybrid. For the BMW i5 it can provide up to 22 kilowatts of charging power. But in selected markets, the fourth generation BMW wallbox is also available from the launch of the BMW i5 and soon everywhere. Depending on the country, it is available as part of a connected home charging package, including installation by a service partner and digital smart charging services via the My BMW app. At home and in public, BMW connected charging offers digital charging services for advanced remote monitoring and control features via the My BMW app. BMW connected charging offers digital charging services for advanced remote monitoring and control features via the My BMW app. In the new plug-in hybrid BMW 5 Series and the i5, BMW maps includes updated charging optimized route features. And in some countries, these models offer the new plug-in charge automatic authentication for public charging. At an able charging stations, it allows you to just drive up and plug in without the need to apply a car or a license. At an able charging stations, it allows you to just drive up and plug in without the need to apply a car or a license. At an able charging stations, it allows you to just drive up and plug in without the need to apply a car or a license. So how can you put together the perfect 5 Series or i5 model for you? The easy configuration and offer structure for the new generation includes vastly enriched standard equipment. You can then select from a clear offer of option packages for additional driving, technology and design features fit in your lifestyle and needs. On top of this, you have a great choice of single options and you can still add features over the air via connected drive upgrades for a certain time or for a lifetime. When it comes to convenient BMW service, not just for the 5 Series and i5, always included in your BMW Connected Drive package, there's BMW Proactive Care. It grants you carefree BMW driving through reliable vehicle data monitoring and proactive customer contact, It grants you carefree BMW driving through reliable vehicle data monitoring and proactive customer contact, by your BMW Service Partner. by your BMW Service Partner. by your BMW Service Partner. by your BMW Service Partner. by your BMW Service Partner. As we've already hinted at all the new digital features and the new BMW 5 Series and i5 as well as all their familiar ones. Meet the user in a new interface with a new user experience in the standard BMW Live Cockpit Plus or optional BMW Live Cockpit Professional. BMW Operating System 8.5 is available for all BMW users. 8.5 shows a new control display layout focused on first-level interaction and individualization of the most important features. With one click you can return to the main menu from anywhere in the system. All the proven high-class digital features like BMW Comfort Access including BMW Digital Key and in-depth remote vehicle interaction with the my BMW app are obviously available in the new generation. The intelligent personal assistant offers all up-to-date vehicle interaction and control features including proactive suggestions and enhanced display features like the choice between two visualizations, utterance transcription and transformational icons. And on top the BMW My Modes make their way into the new 5 and i5. BMW Maps offers enhanced easy to use intelligent and personalized trip planning and navigation with new display features like augmented view guidance and parking information. The interior camera optional equipment includes new features not just for safety but also for a joyful drive. And finally entertainment and the new 5 and i5 is going to be enriched by the possibility of video streaming starting with YouTube and gaming on the control display with air console. So I'm pretty sure you will agree with me that the new BMW 5 series and the all-new BMW i5 offer the perfect opportunity for discerning BMW drivers to find their sweet spot in a versatile array of executive sedans. The new model generation lays out a high-class offer of sporty BMW dynamics, confident traveling comfort, exclusive exterior design, a sophisticated interior atmosphere and a cutting-edge digital and connected user experience. All to make up your individual and exclusive BMW experience and sheer driving pleasure.