 Our goal was a very emotional but pure design that combines avant-garde with a modern luxury. The all-new C-Class showcases the sophisticated and progressive design language already known from our new S-Class in a very sporty way. For me as an exterior designer, the most important part of every Mercedes is the side view. It's not the line or detail that is important, but how the volumes are balanced, the proportions. How the car is sitting on the wheel. This perfect proportion, we have tried to exaggerate a little bit more. For example, by pushing the whole greenhouse more towards the rear end. The new car does not have an aggressive wedge anymore. The dropping line starts in the front, really balances the car in a different way. One of the typical design features of the exterior is the dropping line. And we find it also here in the interior. The theme of this interior is the combination of the typical Mercedes-Benz sports car interiors and the floating vertical and very elegant middle console. Here is a very well defined miniature car چ Where such a configuration is true specially thanks to our胡латаvers. We give the customer a choice between two different grilles. Our luxury grille after three generations with 3D-treatment with three very fine lamellas and of course with an upright star. The interior of the new C-Class captivates with its high-quality character featuring high-quality materials and highly finishing details. The touchpad developed by Mercedes-Benz and located in the hand rest above the controller on the transmission tunnel represents an evolutionary step. Our avant-garde grille, in this case with two lamellas but always one central star, allows us to give the whole front a completely different, much more sporty feeling. Next to the grille in the front, the eyes of the car are not less important. Also in this case, the front is completely different. The eyes of the car are not less important. Also in this case, the eyes of the car are not less important. We have the same eyes with our Mercedes typical eyebrows. The unique I-Class appeal of the interior shows a strongly matching elegance, harmony and sportiness, in other words, a very sensual design statement. The new C-Class is the perfect interpretation of our new design philosophy – sensual purity. With our all-new C-Class, we will define a new standard in the luxury segment.