 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Well, good afternoon. And to everyone in the room and everyone joining us online worldwide, welcome. Today, we're going to share with you the all-new Ford Focus. And this is, quite simply, the best car in our 114-year history. And it also serves as a bridge to our future vision of smart cars in a smart world. That's how significant this car is for us. It is the true successor to the original Focus, which we launched 20 years ago. So today is a great day, and one that we've been looking forward to for quite some time. And here at Ford of Europe, we really do have reason to be optimistic. Of course, there are uncertainties in the external. There are uncertainties in the environment in which we work and operate. But we at Ford are in a great place. We have the strongest product lineup we have ever had. We're looking at 21 launches in 2018 alone. And in fact, from early 2017 to the end of this year, 80% of our entire range is being renewed. We understand our customer expectations. We're profitable. And we're selling more. We're building more vehicles. So to put a little bit more detail behind that, let's think about the Fiesta, Ford of Europe's most popular vehicle. It's the number one in its segment with 9.9% market share. February Focus sales at 14,700 vehicles were the best we've had since 2012. And of course, Ford is also the best-selling commercial vehicle brand in Europe. And then when you look across our entire business, our momentum kept on building in February. We continued our best start to the year across Europe since 2008. We're growing sales in key segments with strong performance in small cars, SUVs, and commercial vehicles, including setting new records for the Focus, the EcoSport, the Cougar, the Transit, and the Ranger. And today, you will see for yourself. That we're looking to build on that, delivering what our brand promises. Delivering visionary ideas, technologies direct the lives of real people. So, profitable growth, closer to our customers, the best start to a year in a decade. 21 launches this year. And today, we launched the best car that we have ever made. So you might ask yourself, why do we launch it here? What brings us here? What brings us to London? And this place is not just a matter of let's pick any cool venue. Here East is a unique space for entrepreneurs, tech specialists, businesses, and academics, where we all come together in the pursuit of new ideas. We've chosen this place actually to locate our Ford Smart Mobility Innovation Office. So there's one in Dearborn, one in Palo Alto, and one here. So the reasons for choosing Here East are compelling. London of course is a global mega city. We get our longstanding partners, Loughborough University. We get the Advanced Propulsion Center and a great talent pool that we can work with right here. We have our P-HEV, Telematics, Chariot, and Last Mile delivery teams also based here at this facility. Just down the road of course, we have our Dunton and Dagenham facilities. Where we develop and manufacture our state of the art powertrain. And we have a lot of new technologies. are powertrains. So Ford expertise, partners to hand, and all within a world-class startup environment, that's what makes this place so special for us. This Ford Smart Mobility Innovation Office is vital because going forward, cities will be very important customers for us. This office is about fresh thinking to tackle the urban transport challenges of tomorrow, and we're looking at near-term projects and addressing the specific requirements of European cities. Basing our fast-growing team here is key to accelerating our learning and development of all the new technologies that are required. To give a really recent example of this, of a near-term project in this city, is our deployment of Chariot. So as you probably know, Chariot is a ride-sharing shuttle service booked through an app and designed specifically for first- and second-hand vehicles. It targets the needs of people living in areas that are currently underserved by public transport, and it can also help support businesses through its enterprise and charter offerings. Chariot has been rolled out successfully in cities like Seattle, San Francisco, and Austin across the US, and London is its first international stop. So this ride-sharing service has the potential to help tackle pollution and air quality issues with the help of the Chariot. So we're going to take a look at some of the features of this service. So let's take a look at some of the features of this service. And address existing gaps in transportation networks. That's what the Chariot routes in London do today. They connect people living in new developments in different areas across the city. Also supported by Transport for London, our fleet trial of plug-in hybrid transit custom vans is already on the roads. They're helping to explore how the plug-in hybrid van can contribute to cleaner air targets and enhance productivity. And they're also helping to develop a new system for the city in city use. Now these projects are important steps on the journey we're making to deliver smart vehicles in a smart world. And today, you're going to see the all-new Focus. So Focus, with its driver assist technologies, is in many ways the bridge between the world we know today and our vision at Ford for customers and cities worldwide, which we of course call the city of tomorrow. That's our holistic vision for transportation. I told you this is a landmark event for us, introducing a car of enormous significance for Ford. So I'm delighted to be able to welcome on stage someone who has a deep personal connection with the Focus and is one of the driving forces behind our global vision for the future. So please join me in welcoming Jim Farley. Well, thank you, Stephen, and thanks for inviting me here today to join all of you in what is a very important moment for our company globally. Stephen's right. The all-new Focus is a smart car in a smart world, as we like to say at Ford, and it's a bridge to our future. So let's talk about that future a little bit before we get into the Focus itself. At Ford, we're introducing a whole new self-driving business. And we're not just talking about the business model as well as our traditional vehicle business. We're thinking about a systems-based approach of moving people, of course, like ride-hailing with autonomous vehicles, but also carrying goods. And we also see our role in autonomy in serving humanity, those that don't have access to mobility. And that self-driving technology is at the heart of it all. And put simply, we're thinking not just about autonomous vehicles, which many are talking about, but actually the fleet of autonomous vehicles, the whole network, and a software platform that enables all kinds of different companies, even small local companies, to plug into that autonomous fleet of vehicles. Now, this year is a really big year for Ford testing those self-driving vehicles. We're already running level four AV trials in Pittsburgh in the U.S. and separately our first launch city, Miami. And we're also driving not just the autonomous tech, but actually the business model itself. We're working with partners and we're operating driven vehicles as if they are autonomous vehicles to learn how customers interact with autonomy. The autonomy vehicles are just one piece of the picture. Ford is also working with partners to develop the first transportation vehicles, and we're working on a new transportation cloud for the cities. Our transportation mobility cloud will unlock the power of connecting components to all levels of the city transport system. And again, we're building a system to be open for everyone. And at the same time, we're working on a smart world, we're also working on vehicles that are connected. They're not just connected with each other, but each of them are a smart component in the city. Talking to cyclists and even traffic signals. And this total connectivity is key to managing curb space in a city, optimizing traffic flow, and unclogging the streets where we all live. This whole story takes a major step forward today. Critical to our strategy is our global commitment to electrifying our vehicle fleet. As we speak, Ford is investing in the future. Ford is investing $11 billion in electrified vehicles. And that's going to lead to 40 electric vehicles globally by 2022, 16 of which will be dedicated battery electric vehicles. In Aachen in Germany, we're hard at work already finalizing our electrification testing here in Europe, and that's our immediate priority here. At the same time, we're continuing to test our autonomous vehicles. So our future is well defined, and it's coming really fast. But I have to say, nothing happens unless we have fantastic product today. The all-new Focus is proof of an advanced strategy for the future. It's also a fantastic product. It brings level two autonomy and connectivity technology to everyone globally. Not just the privileged. Focus delivers these advances at scale. That's Ford. And it's so significant for society. But there's more. Focus also represents a step change in the way Ford develops vehicles globally. At Ford now, we're not talking about platforms. To create our future vehicle lineup, we're moving to five flexible architectures. We're also designing common body, chassis, electrical, and drivetrain modules that are going to be used across all those architectures. Now, Focus is really key because it's the first fruit of that approach. So from many perspectives, it's true to say that this vehicle has real global significance for us at Ford. And you know, it's also a product that has deep meaning for me personally. I can remember, not so many years ago, the moment I first saw Colin McRae and Nikki Grist wring the neck out of that original Focus. Now, I wasn't a Ford at that time, but boy was that something if you loved cars. The car had a real swagger and it had attitude. And I loved the way it looked right down to those great mud flaps. And it struck me as the ultimate expression of everything that's good about Ford. That original Focus and the WRC version was built in Europe, designed in Europe, but it came to America and it changed Ford and how the company was seen globally, including China. Now, Colin and Nikki in that Focus were absolute magic for all of us. And now it gives me great pleasure for me to welcome Nikki Grist onto the stage. All right, so this is pretty cool and I'm a little nervous, but I know everyone has a couple questions. The first one is, of twenty-one wins, almost a decade at the very top of motor sports, was there ever a moment when you thought it was going to go wrong and it didn't? With Colin McRae, quite a few times. times. But the guy had such tremendous car control. I think a lot of people thought him as crazy and slightly mad, but the guy had such car control, he's almost assessing what parts of the scenery he can use to keep the car on the road. And to be honest, there was times where we crashed and we crashed a lot. But we had one event particularly, just to give you an idea. We went to Greece and there was a new stage and it was on the last day and we're on the reconnaissance, we're only allowed to go at low speed. And we come, I said, right straight past the junction on the right. And he stops for a second and he's looking at something. And I said, what's wrong? And to give you an idea, we're traveling along a piece of road, it goes into a dip, junction off on the right, climbs back up onto the same level. Now it's at least three car lengths across this. I said, what are you thinking? He said, I think we can jump this. So, okay. But he said, when we're going to do this, we'll make the pace notes like we're going through it. So that's what we did. He sent his father back the day after where he could try it at speed in a kind of an average road car, destroyed this car. So anyway, Malcolm Wilson, our team boss, was very concerned and wondered, you know, he came up to me and said, Nick, tell me about this jump. He said, I've got a written off car here. And I said, well, it's pretty a long way across there, Malcolm. Maybe you'll gain something. But what the outcome will be, I don't know. I said, what do you think? He said, I'm going to leave him to it. So we did the first day we were leading. Second day we were leading. So now we're counting off. We had three stages twice. So we did the first stage, everything fine. Second stage, everything fine. And then we come to this stage. So we're at the start line and I said, listen, I need to know what are we going to do with this jump? And he said, I don't know. He said, I'm going to see how I feel when I get there. . And now it's 36 kilometers. And I knew this was on the last page of the notes. So I'm resetting the trip meters and off we go. So we come down off this hill, long four left opens, wall outside, 150 flat crest and caution, medium crest and dip and six crest, 70, expecting at this time a big braking session down through the gears. And all I could hear was he was going for it. Out of my control. There's nothing you can do. Fortunately, the front of the car got over it. The back wheels just touched the top of the hill, kicked us up in the air, sideways down a ditch, people running everywhere. We get to the end of the stage. I said, my God, we won't be doing that this afternoon. He said, I got the line a little bit wrong. He said, this afternoon we're going to take it further to the right. But that gives you an idea of what Colin McRae was like. . That's awesome. That's awesome. . I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. I know he's a great guy. . He's very fearless. What a partnership you guys had. Congratulations on a great career. Is there a win that really sticks out for you? . Well, for me and with Ford particularly, I think when we started in 99, it was a tough decision that Colin made because the car hadn't even started, let alone turned a wheel. The initial testing didn't go well because we were trying to cram 12 months into a matter of weeks. Monte Carlo rally, Swedish rally didn't go so well. . went to the toughest rally in the world. And to give you some idea, in Kenya, Safari Rally, it's 1,700 miles of just pure hell. It's the toughest conditions you could ever throw at anything. And we changed a big pace note system. And we prepared well. We drove a great rally. But do you know that focus never missed a beat? We knew we had a strong car. And we actually won it by 15 minutes. So from that point of view, if you are going to win a rally with a Ford Focus, why not make it the toughest rally in the world? That's incredible. And you won, I think, I looked in your career, I think you won that three or four times? Yes, we have. And all the rough events, the focus was incredibly strong in Acropolis Rally in Greece, Cyprus Rally, Argentina. All the rough events became ours. And we had a tremendous success. And it set us up quite often for winning championships. But we knew. We never quite got there. But that's the McRae factor for you. Well, you're part of the Ford family. And you're a huge reason why we love Focus and why we have a sport version of Focus. So, Nicky, on behalf of all of us, thank you very much. Thank you. For being here. I'm proud to be here. How special that is. And with all the talk about autonomy, that zest for competition and making the product better every day. That's what it's all about for us. So I wanted to look back and see what all of you, the media, said about that very same car back in 1999. Because back then, Focus really transformed the C segment. And so what I saw was you said things like, Focus redefines the standard by which all family vehicles will be judged. That was actually a quote from Car of the Year citation that year. You also said that the car had a lot of power. And I think that's a great quote. You said that the car had a lot of power. You said that the car had no weakness. And I can't quite remember a media comment like that in the past. Generation by generation, the Focus story grew. And in both 2011 and 2014, we brought driver assist technology to millions of customers around the world. And that's a theme you'll hear from us today. Customers bought into Focus all along. And that propelled Focus to be the world's number one best-selling nameplate. And that's the reason why Focus became the world's number one car. And that's because it was the first car that was sold to Focus in 2012 and 2013. In 20 years, we are so proud to have sold Focus to 16 million customers worldwide. And in that time, Focus became the enabler for people who wanted a great interior package, great technology, great value, and at a great price. And the Focus also represents something very significant in terms of investments that we've made in our vehicle assembly operations in Saarlouis, Germany. Ford has invested 600 million euros just in the manufacturing facility alone. This means that we have a state-of-the-art production system, logistics, production preparation, and a whole new energy supply system that's going to reduce the plant's carbon dioxide emissions by 20%. And that's the reason why we're here today. And we're here today to talk about the new Focus. And we're here today to talk about the new Focus. And when I had the chance to go with Steven and see the Saarlouis plant and how it was transformed, I have to say it was really something to behold. I can't imagine it's anything less than our German luxury competitors. So German engineering, well, we mean it at Ford. I mentioned a moment ago that we have 16 million customers around the world. Over 20 years, we've gotten to know a lot of them very well. And at Ford, we connect very clearly with their preferences, substance over status. We connect with their energy and passions in the life. We connect with the respect of which they hold in their community for what they do in their daily lives. This is a deep and a thoughtful connection for us at Ford between the company and those customers through this great product focus. Our global commitment to that safety, the energy, and the energy of our customers is to keep them safe and to keep them safe and to keep them safe. And I think that the fact that we have that 16 million Focus customers around the world is something we're going to restate and we're going to actually celebrate today with you. And knowing them, we've tailored the car around their life. It isn't a status symbol to them. Focus is an enabler. It's a car that is going to be effortless, connected, energetic, a car of substance. 20 years ago, the inspiration for our Focus came from our Ford Ford. It came from our engineers. For the new Focus, the inspiration came directly from those customers. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a really big moment for us at Ford. We're here in Europe, but this is a global vehicle. And I can confirm that the new Focus that you'll see today will go on sale in North America, and it also will be manufactured and sold throughout Asia. So it's a really good moment now to cross way over the world, on the other side. And we're going to go back to Shanghai and see how our launch of Focus has been unfolding there in just the last few hours. Let's take a look. Hi, Jim. Hi, Steve. Hello there, everybody. Peter Fleet, coming to you from Chongqing in China, the home of Ford in China. This is where our Chang'an Ford joint venture is based. Well, we've just revealed for the global launch, part of the global launch, the four-door sedan Focus here, for China. Such an important vehicle for us. Since Focus was first launched in China, we've sold 2.6 million Focus across the Asia-Pacific region, most of them here in China. And it competes in the largest segment in China. Remember, China is the world's largest automotive market. So it's such an important vehicle for us. Reaction from 2,000 guests we've had has just been fantastic. So I'm sure you're going to have an equally wonderful event. There in Europe. The sedan is the vehicle we've unveiled today. And I know it sits alongside all of the other wonderful examples of Focus that you're going to see shortly. So best wishes from Chongqing. And I hope, Jim, Steve, you have a wonderful event there in London. And I wish us all of the possible success, every success for the Focus launch in Europe. Well, that just happened. So thank you, Peter, and the team in Asia. And what a great testament. That was a great. Thank you. Thank you so much. Well, thank you, everyone, and happy New Year's. We've got a question here, actually, about the Figaro in China. And I want to ask for European relations to go us into these two things.我有onal � bewusst parlament aqui. I mean, we also have the Lefcy performance, essentially. Even though that's a very small event, there have been a lot of questions around it. I'm going to return that very shortly. But we'll continue the conversation soon. Good afternoon, everyone. And I agree with Jim. With focus, we have really turned our design process on its head. In fact, rather than starting with an engineering challenge, we've started indeed with customers. And for focus, starting with customers has meant adopting this human-centered design approach. And this approach asks different non-engineering questions like how can we think of our products in ways that really matter to people? Our human-centered design approach starts with, firstly, a deep understanding of our customers, their needs and their dreams. And it really is for us a creative approach to problem solving. It's about building this deep empathy with the people we're designing for. And there is an emotional connection between the human and the product and how it's experienced, and how it's developed. And then, finally, we have the ability to create a product experience through memorable moments, defined really at every interaction. And this way, we are able to create not only product excellence, but also an excellent experience. Ultimately, our goal is to be an integral part of people's lives in meaningful and enriching ways. Now, to get there, the way we do research is very different now. And rather than incrementally extend the scope of research, we have studied much more the everyday usage, closer than ever. Living and driving with customers, observing issues that even they couldn't articulate before. And the fact that I am presenting here, and not, for example, AMCO, is a proof point of showing how closely we've worked with design to translate that customer feedback into real solutions. This human-centered approach becomes critical now, even more so because the focus takes our customers on journeys into the future involving unprecedented levels of technology. Because if you want to make technology useful and effortless, real people have to be at the center of what you do and how you think, or they won't be able to adopt it. Let me just give you three practical examples of human-centered design so you understand what I mean here. First, when you're getting in and out of your car, and it's something we do thousands of times without thinking consciously, but how does that experience make you feel? We did think extremely consciously about that moment. So when you get in, it's a moment of expectation, in fact, a moment of magic. And you don't want anything to break that spell, even knocking your knee. So for the new focus, if your knee does come in contact with the center console, then there's this new soft padding to stop that from happening. And at the same time, to support that, we have narrowed and we've lowered the center stack without compromising the storage. So achieving a great experience getting into your car dictated a whole series of design improvements. So what about another question? Does anyone here know what the center console is? Does anyone here in the room have a tonneau cover in your garage or in your basement, really where it doesn't belong? This is a necessary, it's a helpful item, but once it's removed from the vehicle, for whatever reason, it can switch to becoming an awkward nuisance, a bad moment. So our human-centered design approach led us to see this nuisance as spoiling the interaction between you and the car. And we, therefore, went through the trouble of designing this problem away. With a very neat storage space for the cover in the car. And just one more example for now. If you are, imagine you're a dog owner, and in fact, many of our Focus wagon customers are dog owners. What happens when you have a large dog, like one of our own team members, and you need to get a large dog crate in there? Sure, you can buy a minivan, but you want a Focus. So, what happens? You have a large dog. You have a large crate. You have a large dog. You have a large crate. You have a large crate. You have a large crate. So we undertook the considerable challenge of getting not just a dog crate, but a large one into the Focus wagon. But at the same time, we know that this group of customers won't compromise on style to give them the practicality they need. So at Ford, we challenge ourselves to find a way to deliver both of those things. All new Focus maintains that dynamic roofline, and gives them this class-leading benefit. Now, of course, we have always placed people at the heart of our design approach. But in the past, we would have imagined a typical Ford customer. This time, it's different. And the shift we made is quite complex in research methodology, but essentially very simple. It went to early identification of the, what we call, archetype research of the target customer group. And then consistently. And then, of course, we had to build a car for the typical average customer. And we focused on the differences between all these individuals. And gave them more options that are unique to them. And it meant that we didn't build a car for the typical average customer, but we focused on the differences between all these individuals. And gave them more options that are unique to them. So all this revealed a fresh picture, which drove us from the start, for people who value substance over status, achievement over praise, of people on a journey in their lives for their families, for themselves, who care, who do get involved, who value technology, but only value it for what it can help them do, and not for its own sake. These are people with aspirations and a focus in life. We call them the Aspirators. We call them the Aspirators. We call them the Aspirators. And our mission is for them to realize their aspirations. Twenty years and 16 million customers. Their aspiration has been so central to our process that really it is them, our customers, who are here launching this car. And all that insight is not abstract data. It is millions of human stories enabled by focus. So. Designed and engineered with pride by the people of Ford. Inspired by the reality of our customers' needs and passions. Ladies and gentlemen, here, now, through the lives of our customers, let me introduce you to the all-new Ford Focus. There was a shift from doing sport for an obsession. Now I see that differently. We've been fostering for almost 13 years, and we have fostered about 25 children. In the time at that time, it was still unusual for a woman to come into the fire department. I thought that was an unreachable dream. I decided to go to Mongolia five years ago, having the desire to do something that would unite my passion with helping someone else. We're back at our numéro 1 team. We always have to be up in the air, breaking the boundaries with the current age, and really having a change of pace. Now I'll lead the way for our officials with a love of sport. This is the super class. Because before I couldn't ever have had a chance, I know later . Share with contributions so you can me the stories you tell or share this body. What is the purpose of so far? What if I was just a gifts� My foundation in Kidneyds? . How about our own society? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So let's talk specifically about this vehicle, the ST line. This is a very distinctive personality of the Focus for a distinctive customer like Sebastian, who's inspired by performance. The connection is clear between his journey and this car. The ST line is designed to make customers such as Sebastian feel confident and in control. This car has to deliver outstanding driving dynamics and fun to drive. Neither our customers nor you would forgive us if we didn't deliver that. This is our Focus DNA and something that Focus drivers, more than anyone else, have enjoyed and appreciated, even if they can't sum it up in words. You'd also expect us to make it more refined and more sophisticated, and we have. All-new Focus increases body torsional stiffness by 20% and suspension mounting point stiffness by up to 50%. And we've introduced the next generation e-pass with proprietary Ford software to ensure that, once again, Focus will reset the dynamic benchmark. So this car is lower. It feels bolder. It feels wider. The unique grille mesh and lower air curtains were designed to make a ST line instantly recognizable. Visually prominent elements, like the machine-dellow wheels, signal the precision engineering you'll find under the skin. We love making our engineering Instagrammable. Throughout the inside, we had great fun playing up the glimpses of performance spirit with striking touches of red stimulating both body and mind. And we had a great time. And the magnetic atmosphere of darkness of the space keeps the driver focused all the time while driving. So let me just mention one more driving dynamic feature new to Focus. Continuously controlled damping, or CCD, which will expand the driving envelope further than any Focus has ever gone before. Every two milliseconds, the CCD monitors suspension, body, steering, and braking inputs, and adjusts dampers. The CCD is a very powerful system for driving. It's capable of damping responses for unsurpassed ride quality while still maintaining Focus's dynamic DNA. The CCD system also supports drive mode technology, and normal sports and eco modes are offered for the first time in a Focus. So that was an introduction to the ST line. The product strategy offers more differentiated choice to customers, resulting in four distinct members of the Focus family, each with a different part of the ST line. Baby by baby, a matter-of-fact due to one of the small company figures, their sino-smokeоr own designs requires line assistance. In my stead embrace the ION system девa issues with saddle tires and front şimdi hear any airо dalе ρesихsha preview展 and Ionee wheels in theierzmive caGL dwall dŵa AM0 sO Aq0sx WencoH aqO'R potion and no pqog0t動ing 22 to Ths2Boug as bend years in the 00cum Kyodon Aенной binazma loadaring Multicam;; Sytrashofstails as Baumknohr rod vulnerable inikaal de tot 80ники mmf boussfs . ingina sanrio posotung7 lWhen 02.ішto definition on夠 chwa ibnPong T dengan aur vit chujon uot ... & LOOK radi wi vigi eckaut ouencias. Family is made up of me and my husband, two boys, and we have four foster daughters. We've been fostering for almost 13 years, and we have fostered about 25 children. And just through watching the boys and just enjoying watching them play, that's probably when hockey really did come into our life. I'm always rushing about here, there and everywhere, taking the girls to hockey training. We've got a lot of stuff. I need a car that I can kind of just jump in, throw everything in, and we can go. I so look forward to every Saturday, meeting up with the girls. We have a lot of fun, we have a laugh together. The hardest thing in my years of fostering has been moving children on, because you've taken these children into your home, you've loved them and you've nurtured them and you've put everything into them. And it can take a really long time to kind of get over that, them not being in the house anymore. And it affects everybody, it affects the whole family. I just hope that the children who we've looked after, who have moved on, remember happy times in our house. My focus is my family. It's my aseguration. Everybody is a Lore So Sonos fan. but I've been aremover since joke in a Museumonta building.asteve.net reaction Please say hello to the gorgeous new focus wagon. We found that our customers are looking for an assertive front end, which they referred to as shark-like, while the research showed that on the inside, their deep-seated wish was to have a calm place which provides a real serenity. We set out to give the Focus Titanium a truly renewed sense of elegance and a distinctive feeling of lightness. Inside the touchscreen is at the heart of our HMI. That's why we positioned it closer and higher in an ideal ergonomic position, always available in your peripheral view. And the award-winning SYNC 3 interface allows you to stay in touch, hands-free, while you drive. It connects you with your family and friends, and it saves you time as well by navigating you smartly on your way. An uncluttered architecture, resulted in a thinner instrument panel, makes the interior feel wider and more welcoming. And the customer told us they were looking for more light in their vehicle. The feeling of space is heightened further by the full-size panorama roof letting the sky in. It's coming to the Focus for the first time. When you sit in the rear seats, you'll realize how spacious the environment feels, thanks to the extended rear windows for greater visibility. And the extra 5cm of rear passenger space was engineered into our new Focus. Promise you, there is a refreshing sense of lightness about the whole space. The wagon you see here is another major new human-centered design and engineering story. You get class-leading load width, and you can set the load height at two levels. It's incredibly flexible, and every detail, right down to where you store the tonneau cover, is thought out for you. So, each body style has been designed to deliver a unique optimized balance between proportions and practicality. With this wagon, we were clear from the start that we wanted to create a sleek body, but at the same time, customers told us they wanted more usable space inside. So when opening the hands-free tailgate, you'll see, even with this almost coupe-like character, the cargo space is unmatched for its practicality. The cargo space is unmatched for its practicality. The cargo space is unmatched for its practicality. The cargo space is unmatched for its practicality. The cargo space is unmatched for its practicality. The cargo space is unmatched for its practicality. So transporting those Ikea bookcases back home will now be a piece of cake. So that was titanium, but now let's look and see how this car can make a third leap to express the personality of another different and distinctive customer, who we want to do something special for. So we focus on a journey of discovery and allure in both expected and unexpected places. This next focus we're going to bring on now is all about refinement. So let's meet Gabi and see how she uses it to decompress. My daughter and I, I always say, no matter what you do, you can do anything, you just have to want to. I have a lot of friends who were active in the fire department, I just wanted to be a part of it. In those days it was still unusual for a woman to come into the fire department. I thought, this is an unreachable dream. The basics should be taught to everyone, everybody should have the basics. The basics should be taught to everyone, everybody should have the basics. So we carry on. The basics should be taught to everyone, everybody should have the basics. Then there are further leadership courses that I have attended and thereby I can also train the team or also lead an operation. The work of the fire department is not always easy. There are operations that are not as beautiful and they are stressful. I just had to prove myself that I can do the same as my colleagues and also want to. When I put on my helmet and uniform, I feel like part of the team. As soon as the operation is over and I get back in my car, I can lean back in my seat, then I let everything fall off me. When I put on the uniform, then I am a firefighter with body and soul. My focus is to help people. Music playing Welcome to the fire department. Music playing Music playing Welcome to the all new Focus Vignale. We have already established Vignale experience with our large cars and SUVs as well as with the new Fiesta. I want to give you a sense of what Focus Vignale delivers. It is pure luxury and enjoyment. This is the car for Gabby, a place to decompress after a fire team training exercise. In your Focus Vignale, you will get a B&O play sound system. It is just what she needs. This system creates an unparalleled sound with its 10 speakers and 675 watts of power. The first time you hear it, you are going to get goosebumps. Music playing To further stimulate the senses, our goal with Vignale was clear from the very start. We wanted to elevate the new Focus to the level that radiates constant sophistication by creating something truly special and alluring. Music playing Music playing Such as the distinctively refined Vignale grille incorporating our unique Flying V signature design. Music playing Or the coast to coast lower fascia with a bright insert running across the whole width which underlines the car's elegant appearance. Music playing A careful and restrained use of satin finishes in combination of unique En Vogue exterior colors. Music playing A Very modern design that reinforces exclusivity. This is proudly intensified by signing each vehicle with our distinguished Vignale script. Music playing From the moment you get in, like you expect with Vignale, we stimulate the senses. Music playing Structures of luxury on the outside are complemented with the allure of warmth on the inside. Music playing Music playing mmm adding a pleasant touch of gold minus the Lawrence 911 itself opens the car away. Music playing It's a key feature of the Vailel's uh well known Vignaleleton zrobić uneeste French debuted 그러니 σ music playing music playing Can esse der Vignale Music playing they choose. And here we're talking about people who are adventurous, whether that's downtown adventure or out in the outdoors for a weekend. It's a very different vibe, a different direction and a different way of approaching life. And now the focus customer with this outlook is getting exactly the flavor they're looking for. So downtown adventure or the great outdoors, let's get into the focus active with Giorgio. Giorgio, I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. I'm a big fan of the bus. Giorgio, I've always been excited about the bus. I like it. When I became докtor they announced that beethoven would be the next who made the bus because he was short in time to ride the bus. Because I was short Thank you. Welcome to the all-new and dynamic Focus Active. Giorgio exemplifies the adventurous Focus customer. He has an everyday life and he also has adventure in him. That's how he expresses himself. Now, market researchers will tell you that for cars in the C-Class, customers tend to be fairly conservative, most of them sticking to the same type of vehicle and brand. But our recent research showed us that 20% of C-Class customers, when showed the new Focus Active, said they would choose it over a regular SUV. So customers might consider something different if it delivers all of the attributes of a Focus and more adventurous styling. Something like a Focus Active version of the all-new Focus. Building on the Active concept you've already seen with the all-new Fiesta Active and the new Car Plus Active you saw launched at the Geneva show, which is shipping out to customers now. This gives us a high level of confidence for the all-new Focus Active. This is a vehicle designed for downtown adventurers. Whether it's escaping the urban jungle or heading into the outdoors over the weekend. And if you're Giorgio, then maybe you're making it to Mongolia. So the mission here was to create an authentic Active derivative without compromising the practicalities and strengths at the heart of the Focus brand, including its exceptional, driving dynamics supported by specific drive modes for the Active model. Striking details found all around create the sense of being elevated above everyday life. And the raised ride height empowers the driver to comfortably tackle more challenging road conditions in both hard track and rough urban environments. The adventurous philosophy carries to the interior as well. Protective, durable, and safe. And the Focus Active is a vehicle that is not only a car, but a car that is a car. The vehicle and tactile materials are designed to withstand the rigors of everyday scrapes and weekend escapes. Throughout the whole interior, there's an unexpected and surprising science of adventure, such as on the seats or the dashboard. With the Fiesta and the new Car Plus, this adventurous all-new Focus Active is confirmed by its unique signature. And let me finish with one feature which would really suit Giorgio, driving Focus at night out in the wilds. Let me talk about headlamps and corners. We have a forward-facing camera, and we have processors. And here is just one example of where thinking about our Ford Focus customers first has taken us to a new place. Now, most systems used by other manufacturers use steering inputs as the feed data to alter the light pattern. So you steer around a corner, and the light follows. But putting real Focus on the car, and having Focus owners like Giorgio at the center of our thinking, led us to ask a different question. Couldn't the light shine around the corner first? And actually, that's a far better question. And so, by using camera data, the new Ford system can alter the light pattern much earlier. So the bend in the road ahead is illuminated before the driver enters the bend, rather than afterwards as they begin to steer into it. Whether that road is Milan or Mongolia, this is smart use of technology that will assist in making night driving safer and more relaxing. This is a solution which is all about the deep insight into human need as a spark for new thinking. And this approach has been followed in detail after detail on the new Focus. So there you have it, the all-new Ford Focus in four very different distinctive personalities. The new architecture means better packaging and best-in-class interiors, and the new Ford Focus is the new Ford Focus. It's the most aerodynamic mainstream Ford ever, with beautifully sculpted surfaces and personal flair. Its dynamic performance inspired the steel line as the ultimate expression of the Focus promise. And then its really elegant, calming titanium, which makes you feel great. Its sophisticated vignale exuding luxury. And finally, its adventurous active taking Focus into an energetic, new and new car. And finally, its unique, new and new direction. All models created with the goal of being an integral part of people's life in meaningful and exciting ways. Thank you so much for listening, and let's welcome back on stage, Steven Armstrong. So thank you, Joe. Thank you, AMCO. Thank you, everyone. So, this is a car that's been designed to be a part of the Ford Focus. And I've got four of them here with me. And the Ford Focus is four distinct personalities. So this car has been designed around real customers, like the four amazing people we've shown in our short films this afternoon. Well, as I'm sure you've guessed, those people are not actors. They are real, and their stories are also real. And I'm really pleased to say that all four of them are joining us here this afternoon. So, I'd like you all to be pleased to say welcome to Sebastian, Kelly, Gabby and Giorgio. Welcome. And I'd also like to add that not only is Gabby a wonderful firefighter, she's also a member of our team at Saarlouis, where we produce these wonderful vehicles. So, congratulations on being part of the team too, Gabby. So, for those of you that are actually here in the room, you'll have the opportunity to meet with the four of them later after we finish the presentations. So, the real reason I wanted to bring these folks to meet you here today is to underline the truth that all new Focus, has actually been engineered from the passions of our real customers. So, Focus customers, as you've seen, are not show-offs. They're not just interested in the brand label itself. They're interested in what the car can actually do for them. They're interested in expressing their personalities, and that's what this brand is all about. The all new Focus delivers what our customers want, and it delivers it by design. And as you've heard, it's the bridge to the future. It introduces key technologies, and it's the key technology platforms at the heart of our vision, bringing them together for the first time in one vehicle. Now, we feel we've got something special here for our Ford customers. Now, I love and I cherish our long history, thinking of all the cars that we've created, and I take that all into consideration when I say with complete confidence that this is our best car ever. It's the most innovative, the most dynamic, and exciting car that we at Ford have ever produced. So, ladies and gentlemen in the room, and all of you that have been watching online, thank you very much for joining us today. And on behalf of the whole team, I'd like to welcome you all to the new Ford Focus. Thank you very much. Thank you.