 What was the brief? The brief was to design an all-new McLaren hybrid supercar. What did that mean technically? Well, all-new architecture, all-new hybrid powertrain, all-new aero, improved cooling, improved visibility, improved ergonomics and exquisite design execution, all whilst keeping weight to a minimum. We guided the look and feel with three key phrases, the first of which was purity. Now, not just purity of line, but purity through the integration of components. This enabled us to achieve this very clean, pure aesthetic, but also the integration components meant we were able to reduce the weight and in turn, reducing the weight means our Churro will rewrite the rule book and just how engaging an electrified supercar can be. Then we have technical sculpture. Stunning to look at, but there for a reason. And just like the forms we see in nature, we see the same in the car. We see the same in the interior, we see the same in the interior, we see the same in the interior, we see the same in the interior, we see the same in the interior, which have been carved by elements. Our Churro is the result of the forces around it. And finally, we have functional jewellery. We don't decorate our cars, we take what you need and make it beautiful. Okay, for our next section, let's take a closer look at the car. But let's start with the overall proportions first, because for me, proportion is king. And our Churro has classic supercar proportions, that long, low sleek nose, compact wheelbase with staggered wheel sizes to 90,000. And then we have the front and rear. We have a very sleek, sleek roofline. And a cabin that's sunk down between these high peaked fenders. Those features coupled with this very compact short rear overhang give the car a visual energy like it's ready to accelerate or leap forwards even when it's stood still. Looking at the front zone, we have the McLaren Hammerhead line that runs full width across the front. And that leads your eye into this eye socket feature, where we have the deeply rebated front and rear. And then we have the front and rear. And that's the thick, Pione SQUARE world size連 провод子 and the smallבק tihyb i CDNR headquarters in Greater Liverpool. And we have the left over drive light box within that with 있고 lights here. Finally, the front is in the speakers, or be Marvel particles, and SQUARE edge wide给我 efficiency key spot the 2014 Process City. And then they had the platform местоl for drag and roll airbag space. So if there is a time down where we need it to. The second feature we have the front fender vents we're able to direct and guide some of the turbulent air that builds up inside the front wheel well into the path of other turbulent air coming down the body side. That means that overall design not only looks fantastic but functions incredibly well. Next we have the roof and this is a one-piece full width aluminium roof. This allows us to continue this very pure clean fresh modern aesthetic to the car. We then have the layered roof panels. This feature is all about guiding and directing the air down from the side of the car across the engine bay helping to extract hot air from that zone and also increasing downforce across the rear. Then moving around to the rear we have the full width laser cut mesh designed to optimize the cooling across the rear zone. Set into that we have these ultra slim almond shaped LED light blades very characterful. An ultra high-tech in the middle the twin exhausts lightweight solution but also sounds absolutely fantastic. Below that we then have this very deep purposeful looking diffuser which does exactly what it looks like it will do produce lots and lots of downforce. The approach on the interior is the same it's all about purity and we've created a driver focused environment using lightweight luxury materials and we've taken that driver focus concept to an all-new level. Not only do you have the screen angled towards you here but we've now mounted the binnacle and the dynamic controls onto the columns that means as you find your perfect driving position you always maintain perfect visibility of the instrumentation. It means you can keep your hands on the wheel your eyes on the road and you can then engage and have fun with the dynamic setup of the car. And then we have the seats here we're showing the club sport seat single piece lightweight back shell with adjustability but you can also opt for the comfort seat which has multi-way adjustability. Once you've chosen your seat then think about the overall look and feel for the interior and there's three key specifications you can choose from. The first of which is performance mean and moody with hot accents you then have tech looks which uses lighter material combinations but a large volume of leather and then we have vision the interior we have in the car right here using very modern fresh combinations of both colors and materials but it still maintains that very sporty dynamic feel. In a nutshell our Tourer brings the most advanced technologies in the most engaging and relevant way. So lighter, faster, more responsive and with a striking new aesthetic.