 Hello and welcome to Ask Porsche. I'm Alex and this is Andi from Porsche. Hi. We're here in the studio in Stuttgart-Zuffenhausen and I will be asking him your questions about this beautiful car, the Taycan, Porsche's first all-electric car. It's fun. The Taycan is winter-proof. You have to shift? No, no, it's fully automatic. Driving dynamics are incredible. Of course you can do road trips with the Taycan. It's gotten cold here in Stuttgart, Germany. Minus 40 degrees today, but it's warm inside and I'm here with our Porsche expert Andi and the Taycan. Max wants to know, how does it handle winter conditions and cold starts? Okay, of course, no problems with cold starts at winter times like this. I can tell you that our engineers tested cold starts up to minus 35 degrees. So no worries about that. But Max also wants to know how the car handles in the winter. Driving dynamics are incredible because we benefit from the all-electric powertrain, which can control the torques really fast, five times faster than conventional cars. What about the range in the winter? Temperature limits range, of course, we all know that. That is why we support our customers with a range indicator on our website. Do you know that? Yeah, I've seen it on the website, but please show us. Maybe we can check that out. Could you please give me the iPad? Thank you. Okay, we selected one of the derivates, the Turbo. We have almost 380 kilometers of range. And if we reduce the temperature from 20 to minus five degrees Celsius, you can see the range dropping, dropping about 45. Yeah, that's very convenient. So you just put in the outside temperature and you will know what the range is. Absolutely. And if you opt in for the heat pump, then it goes up a bit. Then it goes up again. 350 kilometers again. All right. Very convenient tool. Max, thank you for this question. And you might freeze in the winter, but your Taycan will start up. How electric cars have better acceleration than gasoline cars? All right. Internal combustion engines need revolution to generate their full torque. And that takes some time. And electric cars, when you push the pedal to the metal, there's a digital signal, electricity that comes up. That's why they have great take off experience. Right. Also, sometimes I want to go from zero to let's say 200, really fast. Talk to me about that. Really important for us, zero to 200. That's why we introduced for the first time in the electric car business, a two-speed transmission. So it's an absolute novelty. Does it mean you have to shift? No, no, it's fully automatic. All right. But it really helps us to have a widespread from the first gear, which is a super performance launch control start and a second gear with its specific ratio that will make sure that we have durable high speeds, for example, on the Autobahn or on the racetrack. Okay. Fantastic takeoff, impressive acceleration, even to high speeds. Endurance? Good point. We want to deliver performance that can be experienced multiple times. That's why we use permanent magnets in our electric motors. Nice. Electric cars really offer a great driving experience, especially in the winter. So how much power do you have? It's a good question. I think it's a good answer. It's a good question. If you just want to have a lot of power, you can have a lot of power. Especially a car like the Taycan. We enjoyed your question. Thank you. And we see you soon. Steven on YouTube wants to know, can you actually take road trips with electric cars, for example, on country roads from Germany to Greece? Yes, you can do road trips like that. To be honest, I've never been to Greece with that car. Me neither. But I've been in Barcelona. And Barcelona is also quite far from Stuttgart. It's about 1,300 kilometers. And you have to know that the Taycan comes with a sufficient range of 450, kilometers measured in the WLTP testing cycle. That's quite a lot already. So how does this car support you on a trip like that? We integrate the charging planner, as you can see here in the map. And it automatically integrates charging stops like Ionity. I just saw this blue circle. What does it mean? It's a really useful feature because you can see from the first sight how far you can go with the actual state of charge. So to summarize, you can take this bad boy on long road trips and the car tells you where you can charge it. And if you want to know how far your range still is, just look on that screen and you have the blue circle. All right, Steven, that's your answer. See you in the next video. Matt wants to know how long it took to build it from scratch and when the idea of electric Porsche started. So actually, we started pretty early with e-mobility at Porsche. But the first result we presented in Geneva on the motor show, it was 2010. Actually, there were three highlights. The first one was the 980 Spyder concept, so plug-in hybrid. But we had a full hybrid, the Cayenne, and even a race car, the GT3R hybrid. So everything started with three hybrids. And when did the idea of a full electric Porsche come alive? The next step was for us to use that experience and we built up a demonstrator. It was a Boxster E, so an all-electric car. And we found some really interesting key findings. For example, the first thing is that an all-electric car fits to the Porsche brand because it was very emotional and super fast already. But we found some drawbacks. For example, the range requirements we had were not quite on the spot. And then the next step, I guess, is the Mission E, the concept car that finally turned into this beautiful production car. Yes. That was 2015 in Frankfurt, where we presented our vision of the first pure electric car for Porsche. What I like about the story is that the concept car really kind of became the production car. The people who built the concept cars, they were not just the parts in front of the car. They were able to see the whole car and see the whole thing. The concept car is a very, very cool car. It was so positive, I assume, that you guys decided, well, let's make it a production car. Absolutely. The feedback in Frankfurt was overwhelming. And we decided to do the car, and we decided to be as close as possible to the concept itself. Thank you for the history lesson, Andi. Thank you for asking the question, and we see you in the next one. Guys, thank you for your interest. We hope you enjoyed this. Goodbye for now from Stuttgart-Zoffenhausen. Captions by Nicosubs.