 It was a big theme to make a modern, timeless, quattro-muscled sculpture. We wanted to do the most sporty A6 ever done. You should really see that it's an Audi, but every new car of us has a different way of speaking that language. My name is Helmut Jung and I'm the exterior designer of the A6 sedan. The A6 shows like the A7 and the A8 already before our new family face with that super wide single frame. And it brings a lot of width into the car, but at the same time also a lot of sportiness and a lot of prestige. We managed to get the front axis more forward. We reduced the overhang. And the car looks super low because of a lot of cool features. So we have that beautiful, softly but still precise integrated quattro blisters, which gives the car really powerful stance. The designer wants to have the car as low as possible and as wide as possible. It's a really tough engine. It's a lot of engineering, but in the end we managed to get a really cool combination of bringing it all together. My favorite view is the three-quarter rear view, where you see this quattro muscles. And with this kick in that shoulder, it looks like the wheels are even more out than they already are. The rear has this beautiful feature with this horizontal aluminum bar in the rear lights, which have the biggest volume on the corner. So it's really stretching the car. But the steering is really easy to handle, it's not so much about the weight. It's about the design, the design of the car. We have many design departments for headlights or for the rear lights or for the rims. Everyone says, I want to have this angle, I want to have this angle. In the end it needs to have a nice sculpture that is fitting together. So we managed to get a really dark headlight, but silver and really bright. So you read it as a really small object, but in the end it's a big one. And it's really communicating the intelligence of the car with all these sensors and the digitalization of the interior. The design is really beautiful. It's very realistic. It's very creative. It's very intuitive. It's very creative. The engine hood is a very complex corner because we had to fulfill a lot of pedestrian safety rules and it took a lot of energy to make that real. We also have this typical A6 roofline with a super fluent C-post, which almost gives you the impression of the coupe, but with the trunk lit together you can still see it's a sedan. It's an amazing feeling if you see the car for the first time driving outside and see all the reflections and the little things that are going on. It makes the thing alive and that's what we're all dreaming about. We're creating a living sculpture and that's the best thing in the world.