 The new A7, we were sure we want to do something breathtaking. My name is Andreas Goglin and I'm one of the two exterior designers working on the A7. You can tell that a lot of customers, especially for the A7, buy the car for its design. My name is Sebastiano Russo, I'm one of two designers for the new A7. There are some main lines on the car I love because they are new for Audi. It's the super low shoulder line, for example, it made it more sporty. And this particular feeling, of course, we tried to put in the new A7. The boat line is this very iconic shot line, this feature line connecting to the back wheel arch, which is very iconic for the A7. And for me, I just wanted to enhance this line. And I just made it more fast and it's more emotional. Lighting for Audi is something really important. We were really proud of the horizontal line backlight in the back. I think the impression is almost like a UFO if you see it from far away. That element is coming perfectly together with the front light design. I think that is a very outstanding feature of the A7. You always have something you want to have. You want to express in the car. The engineers, they have what they want. So you work together, finding a compromise to bring the best product out of it. I would say one of the nice things we got through is that when you put your gas into the car, if you take a look at the actual A7, it's cutting through the main design line. The colleagues had to pump up the volume a little bit to get the handle where the gas comes out. And of course, we were pushing to get it really sexy and bold, to get this nice strong character at the end. When you come to the point that an idea you had coming into production and many people will drive it, it's something special. Of course, for us designers, it's a big moment when you see your baby in front of you. Every time when I haven't seen it for weeks and then you come in a room and you see it again, that's a precious moment actually. I think people are going to love it like we do. When the audience 잠깐만 taken to completion and the coupler kunia As an section of the market, they prepare a new model for whatever will come next. Every product we have out there, whatever the price we sell is, has this thing called 이러łty evangel. It's a technology that enables you to be yourself, to believe in yourself,