 Welcome to BMW Today. Today's episode is all about the BMW 3 Series, the core heart of the brand. And with me is Joy, the product genius. Hi Joy. Hi Jede. How are you doing? Fine, how are you? I heard your first vehicle was a 3 Series. Well yeah, it was a 3 Series E36 Compact. So was mine, I also had a 3 Series. So if you have the choice between the two, sedan or a Touring, which one would you choose? I would prefer the sedan. Oh that's cool, we don't get in trouble man. Oh I would pick the Touring. Perfect choice. What are your three highlights on this one, why are you gonna choose this one? Well I like the design, the exterior design, the appearance is very sporty. I like the interior, very modern, very clear and I like the variety of the engines. Joy, one question about this blue lightning. Yeah. Some fans, also in the community, you know, they don't know when do you really get those blue icon lights and what is actually about it? It's very easy, you get it if you have laser light. It's always written on the side BMW laser. That means you have laser light with a length of nearly five to six hundred meters. Is it dangerous because laser? No, it's not really laser, it's just the technology behind that. Alright, that sounds cool. Well actually you were telling me about the digital cockpit and I've seen these cars equipped with lots of sensors. You told me the other day you're a fan of the BMW driving assistance systems. I have to drive a lot of kilometers a year, so I just sit in the car, activate the assistant. I love them. No actually, I just keep the steering wheel on the steering wheel. I love them. I have the steering wheel in my hands, focus on the road and it's called sheer driving pleasure. Well, it's a pleasure to drive a car which drives itself because you can relax while driving. Give me two or three views on this driving assist professional system of BMW. How do you actually activate it? How does it work and where's your benefit? Well, my benefit is that I'm more relaxed while driving. You activate it, we have buttons on the steering wheel and it works with the radar and the three cameras in the window. And with that combination the car stays in lane and speeds up and brakes even if needed. That sounds cool. What about you? What are your favorites? You know, I live outside a big city, so I'm definitely using the luggage volume so I can put stuff in even if it's parked pretty close. And then since that works pretty convincing, your hands are blocked with skis or shopping systems, you just open and close this. It's fully electric also to release the seats and if you walk away with stuff in your hands, it even closes fully automatic. So that is magic. And as you can see, I'm running into xDrive, snowy mountains plus the M Sport because I really love driving myself. Joy, what are your highlights in terms of design on the new 3 Series? Well, the common design elements like the double kidney in this version we haven't made it. The front is made out of one piece. The laser lights of course, which are double-headed and the shoulder line ends in this beautifully L-shaped 3D rear lights. And I like the big exhaust pipes. What gives the car more a dynamic design as always is of course the Hofmeister King. This time in the chassis, not on the doors. Cool look. And in addition to that, you can open the car with a digital key. You just put the phone next to the door grips and it opens. That's pretty magic. By the way, did you change your 3 Series name? You mean the Ipa? Well, yes, it's called intelligent personal assistant and therefore I changed the name to James. That's pretty nice. Haven't done that. Well, this is a sedan. That's a Touring Joy. If somebody is looking for a coupe or convertible, well, then we have to go to the 4 Series. That's a different model. Okay. Well, that was very interesting. Thanks a lot. Thanks for watching BMW today. Hope to see you guys soon. you