 It was the fall season and the sun was on the rise and an unsuspecting human would soon stumble on a sign. To the untrained eye it would seem a coincidence that a message from nature is nothing but nonsense. But upon a closer look there was no mistaking. It was the keys to a 2022 Bentley Flying Spur Hybrid sedan. And it was that way. That's it there. He approached it slowly. He had to gain its trust. He gave it a high five and then a warm hug. It greeted him back with adjustable seats, windshield wipers that work, and a steering wheel that heats. As the journey began he swore to return the favor by telling tales of the travels and returning the favor. But first things first. A car wash at Sophie Jo's in Urien featuring James. After that he hit the road again and soon got lost. But thanks to the car's mapping technologies he found finally the city of Belfast. A beautiful city located in County Antrim just two hours north of Dublin. Birthplace of the famous football player George Best, snooker champion Alex Hurricane Higgins, and author C.S. Lewis, the goat. Take a walk through C.S. Lewis Square and close to the Elysee. From the electrical tower you can see the lion, the witch, and friendly beavers. You can come to Kelly's Cellars, one of the oldest bars in Belfast. Or the Crown Bar, one of the oldest bars in Belfast. The Big Fish. Erected in 1999 in celebration of the return of fish to the river lagoon. Also called the salmon of knowledge. Every scale on this scenic salmon tells a different piece of Belfast's history. It is rumored that if you kiss the big fish you will gain all of its knowledge. For fish that's done the magic. It's Delish, Gracie Shellfish at St. George's Market with Ryan. A weekend market filled with local vendors and local goods. You can get plants and plant-related things from Tom. Irish tweed hats with Emer. And handmade paintings and ceramics from Andrew. In no way associated with Bentley. The Titanic Quarter. Come to the Titanic Visitor Experience and learn the story behind this deeply important and historical ship. Or see the SS Nomadic, the last remaining ship of the White Star Line. The Fitzwilliam Hotel. A luxury five-star hotel, prioritizing comfort and sustainability. Thank you. At their restaurant, taste a seasonal contemporary dish prepared by Executive Head Chef Dean. But let's talk about the car. The Flying Spur. The grill, located on the front of the car, is of great detail and beauty. The lights? A superb cut. You can park it by bus. Boat? Or drive it on roads. The interior speaks for itself. And in the dark, it sees very well. The wheels are as big as two and a quarter loaves of bread, depending on the loaf. With plenty of ermine back. And seats that massage your back. And the size of the trunk? Here's a banana for scale. Time will fly with big sound. You can keep your favorite snacks in the glove compartment. The ingredients mentioned just now transform when put together and combined with heat into a mouth-watering yet easy-to-make snack. The peanut butter and banana sandwich. An aeronautical masterpiece of engineering. Equipped with a furry, parachute-like membrane stretching from ankle to wrist, the Flying Squirrel glides at high speeds while foraging from tree to tree. They can reach a distance up to 150 feet. And their tails? In-flight stability. There are no Flying Squirrels in Belfast. But they do have indoor skydiving at Vertigo. Blessed with a sunny day? Head up the North Antrim coast to White Park Bay. The Giant's Causeway? He's over that way. But don't mind the rain. You can get four seasons in one day. The Causeway's a mix of nature and suspense with a yellow safety telephone. Featuring its basalt columns, created much more than a hundred years ago. Rumor says they're the work of giants. But that's not all you'll see here. There are friendly cows. And a stone structure that's very old. There's a sandy patch. And mysteries from the sea. Back in Belfast? The Palm House. The Palm House. One of the earliest examples of a curvilinear and cast iron glasshouse. Lose yourself in the mystery of greenery. And if you're lucky, you'll see the Butti Capitata. Or these are these. The visitors can't get enough. Finish off the day with a trip to the Belfast Castle. Designed by Charles Lanyon. You can see the Nine Cat Garden. Where there are hidden cats. And dogs are not allowed. By the fountain, flowers, or general shrubbery. You can be entertained for hours looking for kitties. It contains mixed woodlands. Top notch security. And a view of the city. And a beautiful staircase that spirals. There was also a famous show filmed in Belfast. Lots of it at this place. And like that show, all good things must come to an end. While driving through Belfast, he saw the final sign. It was now time to return the flying spur. Back to Bentley Belfast Motors. After he turned his back, he would return it probably tomorrow.