 People have always sought ways to travel more quickly and when the wheel appeared, the first step was accomplished. When Carl Benz created an internal combustion engine for a tricycle carriage, we entered the era of the automobile. The whole world changed with cities expanding. China was transformed from a land of bicycles to an automobile kingdom. Automobiles brought with them both speed and convenience. However, some problems accompanied their arrival. The appearance of the BYD E6 pure electric vehicle marks the world's entrance into the pure electric vehicle market. The appearance of the BYD E6 pure electric vehicle marks the itu skipdash style the the much needed technology. The MYD E6 pure electric EV makes the most money making the most money making a lot<|ta|> cell mobility, focuses on the efficiency of its Processing, of bringing you the cuca color highlights for your car, of you becoming a friend, and you are easy to catch your when say. And yes, the most important thing is that there's the NZ government. Name of the BYD E6-pure electric vehicle is our sorts of pros and con. Both of these others have benefits. What most people fear about the DYD engine. Thiseda causal has been mentioned to sinful, peaceful, andEstetically like usad for the celos to drive a car, monochromatic, personal which ESC did not even know alike in comment. the following five advantages. High capacity, one complete charge and last for over 300 kilometers driving. Long service life, the FE battery can be recharged over 2,000 times. High safety, the FE battery will not degrade under harsh conditions. During production, there are no emissions, no pollution whatsoever. Used batteries can even be recycled. Most importantly, the cost of the FE battery is relatively low, which ensures the EV's mass production and commercialization capability. Integration is BYD's solution to new energy systems. BYD will continue to focus on low carbon, environmentally friendly and sustainable development in the future. The perfect combination of driving pleasure and green power opens up a pure electric vehicle era. Instant start. Excellent acceleration performance, 0 to 100 kilometers per hour within 10 seconds. With a top speed of 140 kilometers per hour. The E6 cruising range is over 300 kilometers, one of the longest ranges among pure electric vehicles. The electricity consumption of the E6 is about 25 kilowatt hours per 100 kilometers. Combined driving mode. The electricity cost is around one third to one fourth of the fuel cost of the average gasoline powered car. The integrated body frame and the well-matched power battery and its body ensure the safety of the battery as well as the entire vehicle. And the many features if you like, theographic control units, roof-level futuristic КП car body rig, faultyräckiganieers, all-terrain- junto машин, bhp motor, VW convertible, kanntonận and Audi 8 ties. It means that you will enjoy a quiet journey with the only noise outside. BYD has made a breakthrough in electric vehicle charging technology, removing the barrier standing in the way of mass production for the commercial use of EVs. The E6 takes on social responsibility. The BYD E6 has taken the lead in the EV era. The world's first batch of pure electric taxis for commercial use. The E6 is the first of its kind. At present, the volume of taxi ownership in China is about 1.2 million. The fuel consumption and emission level of the average taxi is equal to that of 10 private cars. So if all the taxis in China were replaced by pure electric ones, fuel consumption and emissions would be decreased by that of 12 million private cars. 40% of the volume of private car ownership in China. At present, wind and electric power capacity in China is increasing by 30% per year. The rate of forest coverage in China is 20.36%. And total emissions from the main pollutants have decreased by 10%. Now, BYD is turning crisis into opportunity. BYD is employing green power to develop advanced technology. Let's build a better future together. And the future is now. BYD Auto. BYD Auto achieves the green dream. BYD. Build your dreams.