 Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome President and Chief Design Officer, Peter Schreier. You know, this is always the best moment for us designers to see our baby unveiled. And it's a very important one for us, an important pillar for our brand. For 25 years already, the Elantra has been a key measure of our progress. As our biggest success worldwide, Elantra is truly the heart of the Hyundai brand. And during every generation of its evolution, it has demonstrated the optimism of Hyundai. The very successful fifth generation Elantra won millions of prizes. And it has been a great success by embracing eye-catching design in a family sedan. For this next generation, we have taken our very popular Elantra into a new, much more dynamic realm. A high-tech contributes to the car's aerodynamic proportions, which brings a lot more tension into Elantra's silhouette. And thanks to a wider body, Elantra's proportions have a better stance, making it more grounded. The dynamic wheel arches enhance the car's athletic stance and highlight the 17-inch sport wheels. And looking at it head-on, the signature hexagonal grille connects Elantra to the modern Hyundai family. Its dynamic personality is also defined by slimmer headlights and striking vertical daytime running lights, LED, for an alert expression. And functional air curtains reduce aerodynamic drag in the front wheel well area. So clean, controlled surfaces accentuate its higher, slightly larger proportions, which allow for more interior space. In fact, the EPA classifies Elantra as a mid-sized sedan. Always important to me is the harmony between exterior and interior. The generous width of the instrument panel provides a feeling of roominess, and all buttons and controls are grouped intuitively by function. The center stack is angled toward the driver at precisely 7 degrees, so for perfect ergonomics, everything is at hand. And all together, the all-new Elantra builds on the Hyundai legacy of continued advancement and progress, by bringing new confidence to the car. And to end sophistication into a very important segment. The all-new Elantra reflects a wider range of drivers' personalities and lifestyles. And this is why we gave it a sportier character, like a coupe. I call it a sport sedan, and we are all very proud of it. And now, to share some of the engineering advances, I would like to introduce the new Elantra. Well, our first annoucement of a 34О50 elantra is the Toyota Like Oえるio. In which they compete, our anecdote first occurs. But the second, Dacia Pacifica, is only a large new Elantra. of which in itself is featuredので쪽에, And among these elantras occurs also the sun form Dacia Pacifica. Over the years, the 1978 Elantra also, was featured on Googleл