 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Great cars of history. And now the very successful light race car has become a car sought after by celebrities. A star among stars. The legend of Mercedes continues with the new SL. This is the stuff dreams are made of. For almost 70 years, the SL has been an object of desire for the world over. A true icon. Are you ready for a new star? The star is reborn. This is the new Mercedes AMG SL. The luxury sports car of a new generation. A model series. A Mercedes that keeps making history. The SL is an icon of our brand. This roadster stood for automated fascination and desire for decades. And you will find this special fascination of the SL in every little detail of our newly designed roadster. This car was designed for maximum luxury. But also delivers maximum performance. Its rigid, lightweight, aluminum space frame has been completely designed from scratch. The new SL will be launched in several performance variants. 2 V8 bi-turbo engines with 476 or 585 horsepower. diversifying口 Túnel and 740 hp. Sociable Hyundai Ha essays She mortgage it steering. It turns the rear wheels up to 2.5 degrees for higher agility. This feature also increases stability at speeds above 60 miles per hour. What's more, the new space concept allows for even more storage in the back and in the trunk. The updated layout of the new SL allows for a 2 plus 2 seating arrangement. The new SL is a perfect fit for the new SL. This is the most digital sports car we've ever made. The combination of high-tech and bold analog appearance give it attention in its design, which we call hyper-sport. You can properly feel the car and still enjoy the digital experience. And the angle of the center screen can be adjusted to reduce glare. The design of our new SL embodies the perfect symbiosis between emotional, sensuous contrast, digital and analog luxury to create the extraordinary look of the vehicle. Interior details are inspired by those of airplane cockpits with the air bent resembling jet turbines. High-end materials are bound and all elements are seamlessly integrated. S dom Gloria has scratches on its flip covered hat! The thể棍T很好 Pastor whack. The SL gives you amazing command of the road in any situation. The wheel reels动 card, the anti-slip ad todas in, the 자ür- нужды estoy at 45°shCCI. The SL gives you amazing command of the road in any situation. This new suspension system reduces body roll thanks to constant adaptive adjustment. It also lets you better experience the different driving modes from very comfortable to extremely sporty. And also, we are proud to give the SL a soft top once again. It can be opened and closed at up to 37 mph and does so in just a few seconds. A true legend for the future. This is a true SL. With the performance of an AMG and the comfort of a Mercedes. Mercedes AMG has completely reinvented it. But it remains the symbol of an exclusive lifestyle and a distinct brand-shaper. Now, let's start celebrating. I just can't believe you I just can't believe you