 Teksting av Nicolai Winther Nettopp Nettopp Nettopp Nettopp Nettopp Nettopp Nettopp Nettopp Hey Peter, what's up? Hi Frank, how's the final test drive going? How's the final test drive going? How's the final test drive going? This is driving pleasure at its best. This is driving pleasure at its best. Feels great on the road, extremely precise, and accelerates like an M. Sounds like you want to keep driving a little bit longer. Actually I want to keep driving around until the battery is empty. But I don't have that much time. But I don't have that much time. And the charging experience is also state of the art. And the charging experience is also state of the art. Just like the connectivity. Digital in every fiber. Yes it really is. We are surprised that the 5 series is the most successful business sedan in the world. We are surprised that the 5 series is the most successful business sedan in the world. And we want to build on that. And we definitely will. Can you imagine? The most successful business sedan is now fully electric. The most successful business sedan is now fully electric. This is exactly the car we want. And with the i5 Touring, we will have a real industry first. Absolutely the right move. Our customers can hardly wait. We are already seeing very high demand for both models. The new 5 series will take off like a rocket. The new 5 series will take off like a rocket. True. And now... True. And now... It's showtime for the sedan. It's showtime for the sedan. We must avoid the current Tesla, not theかarata of the Tesla. And I can tell you that... I keep an eye out to see what the car will bring next... And I keep an eye out to see what the car will bring next... But this is going very quickly. With deep attention to traction control and Deep closedchecks, Hvis du har en invitasjon, så får du den. Ja, vi har en møte med de board-medar. Dette må ha vært en forfærd, ikke sant? Dette kan ikke være for oss. Ja, det kan. I dag, eller allihver, skal vi presentere vårt innovasjonsprojekt, Spark, til boardet. Vi trenger tilfølgelse for å finne ut vårt projekt. Men møtet er i fem timer. Jeg sier, la oss gjøre dette. Men vi trenger en essensuell kompanjon for denne misjon. Noen som står for trofølse, kompetens og et progressivt mindset. Vi trenger BMW i5. Min BMW i5? Ja. Hvordan kommer en bil til å hjelpe oss? Det er ikke bare en bil. Det er den mest sikkerhetsfulde business sedan i verden. Og det vil gjøre oss sikker? Exakt. Det er sånn som markasjonssynet fungerer, Billy. Fordi sikkerhet er en reise som vi ikke må reise alene. Og det er ikke en skuffe for deg å kjøre min BMW i5? Kanskje det er det. Kanskje det ikke er det. Men i alle fall, det hjelper vår misjon. DER SIDEN I VØRTE I VØRTE I VØRTE Wow! Billy? Hva sa du? Skal du ikke være i Sydkorea? Aren't we supposed to have a presentation ready in a few hours? Good point. Where are we going? Our destination is a little place called Mental Clarity. Wow. Time to check out the bar. Tom, we're supposed to be working? No, the interaction bar. Stop. I've got it. We need a live demo. It's Charles' play. Some simple coding. C++? Yeah, why not? I'll use an IDE too. Boom! Time to cook up something special. Yes, yes, but don't overcook. Of course, it will be elegantly simple. But where's the sauce? Do you mean the sauce code? Stop, you're burning the patty. Guys, are you even listening to me? Um, we were multitasking. Okay, you guys go buy the equipment we need. I'll send you the data. I'll be in the office doing the rest of the programming. Got it? Mm-hmm. Let's take a quick look at the soccer app, please. Playtime's over. Let's get back to business. Oh, well. More driving fun for me. No. I'll drive. You can shop. I've sent you the list of everything we need, where to find it, and when to pick it up. Let the car do the hard work. Why are you so excited? Two words. Premium connectivity. Super fast 5G. A huge array of features. Video streaming, gaming, Android Auto, Apple CarPlay. Tom, I'm going to need you to stop talking like a catalog for a moment and tell me where to go first. Even better, let the i5 call the shots. Would you like parking assistance? Seriously? Do I look like I need this? This is not about needing, but about wanting. And I want parking assistance. So we'll let you know if you need it. 거기fer, this car is voltage. The rest of us needs it for a ten-hour. Excuse me? It's not five. We get in one, okay, we'll get a new one in another. So drive. Can't take yourperson conosco.ove. Hey, it'sooo cool. Time for a & Exper pernahING. We suitable ones. Mas remember, it carries 4 tills. Right? We got it. Also, do your בע! Now feel the tilt. And get your bike! If you're bored, you can watch YouTube. Wait a minute, you're watching the DFL app, right? What? I'm German, the Bundesliga is my thing. Guys, what's the status? Almost there. Only one started and have what we needed. Just searching for an alternative? Everything is available at the touch of the screen with the optimized BMW 8.5 operating system. Including all your widgets, which means... Tommy! Search quickly. Billy needs those items. I'll do the summary. But, Christy, it would be great if you could do a launch presentation as a main engineer. Me? The launch presentation? Sure. Amazing! I'll send you the latest version. Are you excited or nervous? Well, I'm just excited. Why? I'll send you the latest version. Why aren't you surprised to find out? This is the latest version ofíchینroll.de What was that swirl? D 식 có klein com It's amazing. It's okay. Transrones and a SmartTrader giving my personality COME todo co cabe. Sporty, dynamic, absolutely amazing. The sportiest and at the same time most comfortable business sedan in the world. Do you ever stop selling? Wait until he finds out about the BMW i5 M60. What? There is a BMW i5 M60? I don't know. Energy! Good point. You think management will give us a full charge? I need energy, sugar, now. Perfect excuse to top up both. With the optimized route planning we can get to a charging stop and some snacks for you. Don't worry, we still have time. Okay, how does the charging work anyway? Easy, plug and charge. The car is ready to go. Sorry, did you want some tour? So if you get the rest of the components quickly, I can still put everything together, but it's going to be tight. Do I have time to practice the presentation? Practice in the car. Use in-car camera to record your performance and make sure you send it with your smartphone. Check. Just one more question. Our BMW i5 is asking me to make a service appointment. Seems like it's time. What's that? BMW Proactive Care. You can confirm it and off you go. Dear board members, today we present to you Spark. A user-friendly, predictive, analytic kit for all connected, dynamic, electric. Let's check out the live demo. Done. A user-friendly, predictive, and dynamic kit. Let's check out the live demo first and especially the slowly growing market. And last, let's show you how it all works. Start out WeeMoon. I don't know your first impression, but this already feels great. It makes円 very convenient for you to freak out. The screen Ayca is a strong, powerful tool for you to stacking and loading things. I'm glad this really didnt come in handy. All-in-one functional. The feeling of being on the resume when you put inView, result in a cool screen. Learn that how the FDAep probiotics work. There's a quiet afternoon. Undertekster av Ai-Media Teksting av Ai-Media