 Good morning to everyone here at the Quail and those of you tuning in online. I'm Russell Wager vice president of the Quail, making history here at this world-renowned event, sitting on the field among formidable challengers from around the world. Earlier this year the first-ever Kia EV6 went on sale as a pivotal vehicle in the Kia Plan S sustainability strategy. Our goal is to launch a full lineup of 14 battery electric vehicles by 2027. The arrival of the EV6 GT, the most powerful Kia production vehicle to date, marks a new era for electrification and the Kia brand. We're excited to watch the 576 horsepower EV6 GT take on the supercar competition. Based on the award-winning EGMP modular platform, which offers ultra-fast charging, the EV6 GT expands the limits of electric performance vehicles. The EV6 GT elevates the EV6's thrilling performance and effortless drivability. The EV6 GT is a car that can go beyond expectations. Moving toward our zero emissions goals has never been so exhilarating. Let's take a look at the 2023 EV6 GT. The EV6 GT is a car that can go beyond expectations. Moving toward our zero emissions goals has never been so exhilarating. Let's take a look at the 2023 EV6 GT. The EV6 GT is a car that can go beyond expectations. Let's take a look at the 2023 EV6 GT. Well, what do you think? Not bad. The EV6 GT, the performance Geez, the driveway komplett. What do you think? Not bad. The EV6 GT, the performance The performance car from Kia that solidifies our place among the fastest and most sophisticated players. With 576 horsepower, the dual-motor EV6 GT rockets from 0 to 60 in 3.4 seconds and tops out over 160 miles an hour. And for the ultimate thrill ride, a drift mode is available. We added an electronic limited slip differential to direct torque to 1-inch alloy wheels. But the EV6 GT isn't just quick on the street. It utilizes a world-first 800-volt multi-charging architecture that enables ultra-fast DC charging from 10 to 80 percent in under 18 minutes. That means less time waiting to charge and more time carving up the Carmel V8. Now, to tell you more about the design of the all-new EV6 GT, I'm excited to introduce Tom Kearns, Chief Designer of Kia Design Center America. Tom? Thank you, Russell, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be here. As some of you might know, I'm a repeat attendee of Carmel Monterey Car Week and a fan of fast and fun cars. That's why I'm so proud that in my first chance to introduce a vehicle at the Quail, I get to show you the EV6 GT. How cool is it to be involved with Kia's most powerful production vehicle ever? Our design studios in Seoul, Frankfurt, and right here in California turn to our Opposites United philosophy for inspiration. By design, the EV6 is distinguished by its design. It's a car that's made for the public. It's a car that's made for the public. It's ever held in ¡ five cars. We also called the top ingredient for K-Version, that absolute failing environment for cars to哪l Happened here today. brakes to communicate the high performance credentials and stopping power of EV6 GT. The lightweight wheels maximize ventilation and aerodynamics for ultimate high performance. The front fascia is unique to the GT model with an aggressive air dam, which gives us a 0.28 coefficient of drag, which is better than supercars like the Lamborghini Huracan and the Ferrari Roma, both of which we just beat in a head-to-head 0-60 drag race. Windswept surfacing and flush door handles add to the clean, modern appearance. And in the rear, an aero spoiler and diffuser complete the transformation. Inside, premium touches exclusive to the EV6 GT, adorn the cabin, including neon accents and a striped motif on the upper fascia and front center armrest. We replaced the front seats with deeply bolstered performance lightweight buckets that are covered in vegan suede and inscribed with the GT badge and neon green piping. Ambient lighting across the door panels, center console, and dashboard delivers a soothing glow. All of these touches are subtle ways of differentiating the EV6 GT from the EV6 GT. The EV6 GT on the road. I've been involved with a lot of projects and changes in my time at Kia, but really there's nothing like this and being here at this event at the Quail. Russell, why don't you come up and close us out. Thank you very much, Tom. The EV6 GT is the latest vehicle in the complete reimagining of the Kia brand in the U.S. and around the world. What better way to kick off our 30th year operating in the United States than to launch our most powerful vehicle ever. That's right, we're marking this important occasion with the EV6 GT. And it will be available at showrooms beginning in the fourth quarter this year. Thank you very much for being here with us today. I invite you to take a look at the EV6 GT. But first, Tom, would you join me to take a photo? Everyone enjoy the rest of your day here. Thank you very much. Thank you.