 Good morning everyone, thank you Mark. And if Mark gave you the impression that we're adopting a much more competitive attitude around our new fusion, well you'd be right. In fact, we're going to go right after the segment leaders, the Toyota Camry and Accord as many have in the past, but we'll do it with a lot more evidence. We'll be challenging America's mid-sized buyers to compare fusion to those leading foreign competitors. We expect the 2.5 liter fusion will deliver at least 33 miles per gallon, which is 2 miles per gallon better than Camry on the highway and 3 miles per gallon better than Accord on the highway. Fusion buyers will also have, as Mark said, a Ford powertrain option with the all-new Fusion Hybrid. With the new hybrid version of Fusion and Ballon, Ford will become the number one. producer of hybrids in North America. And the maker of both the world's most fuel efficient SUV and mid-sized sedan in America. Our new Fusion Hybrid features smart gauge with eco guide to help coach our drivers to maximum fuel efficiency. And under the hood of our new hybrid system, it uses a smaller, lighter battery that offers 20% more power. The new system uses 70% fewer cells. And it has 145 pounds of weight reduction, which is really considerable. There's also a brand new regenerated brake system that recovers nearly 94% of brake friction. And it sends it back, of course, to recharge the battery pack. The numbers that I want you to remember are our 2.5 liter offers more economy and performance than Camry and Accord. Our 2.5 liter engine is a 2.5 liter engine. It's a 2.5 liter engine. Our 3 liter hits the storied 80 horsepower per liter. And the fuel saving and performance enhancing 6-speed standard transmissions are available across the line. That means automatics and manuals are both 6-speed. Automatic 6-speed is available across the line. And lastly, the 7 seconds it takes the new 3.5 liter Ford Fusion Sport to rocket from zero. And that's the same thing for the 4.5 liter engine. It's a rocket from zero to 60 miles per hour. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the new 2010 Ford Fusion. Ladies and gentlemen, meet the all new Fusion Hybrid for 2010. And now back to Mark. Fusion is already a segment leader in safety features. And we've added some new ones for 2010. Like an available blind spot information system that tracks both side blind spots by radar and alerts the driver to the presence of another vehicle. Plus, the cross traffic alert system uses radar sensors to alert drivers to approaching traffic. Our award winning Ford Sync connectivity technology. Which comes to the 2010 Fusion with two new additional features. 911 assist, which automatically calls a 911 operator in the event of an airbag deployment. And the vehicle health report feature, which can send status reports on key systems directly to Ford via a 1-800 number and then spot it up with an analysis. Plus, available voice activated navigation system. With serious travelitez. It uses the car's instrument radio so that it can watch off nights. And on the length of that assistant mode, which affects it's high срав. This sim Anatomp2 has loads of good console and crazy highhalts, at a final médiaらlord . Even on this extra rider speed, a 5 tach lane rev ohms up. This car is the perfect option for native test fence, and gives an even more exuberantrivetine for this kind of car. Moving forward, we have the Fordplant Vs Ford memoir model.