 This show in and of itself is very important because IONIQ, it's our first dedicated platform vehicle, it's the first one in the industry to ever offer three different propulsion systems. We went to the drawing board with IONIQ, you know, we've spent years analyzing what the competition is doing. It's such a hallmark for Hyundai, and then really come with a solution that's better than the competition, and I think this is a really great case study example of how Hyundai is doing this to the best. In addition to all the safety features that we've offered on our Genesis products less than two years ago, now offered on our Elantra, automatic emergency braking, lane keep assist, blind spot detection with pedestrian. To further reduce the weight of the IONIQ, we use volcanic rock. It gives a customer something that feels very rich and expensive, but also reduces weight and is environmentally friendly in that it's completely recyclable. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Hyundai Media Event. Please welcome Vice Chairman Yang. We at Hyundai Motor Company strive hard to provide sustainable means, and we are committed to creating a future that will be a means of mobility through continuous research and development. Our goal is to create future mobility that coexists with our lifestyles and society. Zero emissions is all well and good, but it's got to include zero compromises. The most important thing to me is safety. Smart technology, comfort. I don't just want a clean, eco-friendly car. For Hyundai, reconciling these desires is not a utopian fantasy. Ladies and gentlemen, this is why it's my great pleasure to introduce the 2017 Hyundai IONIQ model lineup. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the 2017 Hyundai IONIQ plug-in hybrid, the Hyundai IONIQ hybrid, and the IONIQ electric. It's an alternative vehicle that offers real alternatives. We want to inspire people to transition into a vehicle that reflects their own natural sense for the future. We've achieved a class-leading drag coefficient without compromising our design vision. Hyundai engineers the freedom to create an entirely new type of eco-friendly vehicle with a choice of powertrains to meet a wide range of driver needs. The IONIQ hybrid and plug-in hybrid employ a six-speed dual-clutch transmission. And multi-link rear suspension. Technologies that contribute to a more rewarding driving experience. The future mobility lifestyle that we envisage is about staying connected to our daily lives all the time. And it's about living in a world where pollution and environmental hazards are not the norm. That is our vision for Project IONIQ.