 I'm Jessie Baker and I drive a Fiat. So I moved a lot when I was younger, but all in the southern Illinois area. And for the most part I was in the same school of my high school. It was just really small, not very many opportunities or things to do. So I just basically packed up my car and whatever fit is what I took and I just kind of booked it to Portland in my Fiat. When I chose to move to Portland I had actually never visited before. The whole keep Portland weird thing was pretty attractive to me. I just heard that it was a really great place and it was super green and people cared about things that I care about. I didn't have anywhere to stay. I stayed in my home. I stayed in a hotel for a week. Then found a house, a job within a month and everything kind of just fell into place. Trip number five. I'm super impressed with Fiat because I love taking adventures. And I was kind of hesitant, especially living in Portland where there are mountains. But she does the job and she does it well. We've been as far down south as Santa Cruz. Our most recent trip was to the mountains. Camping at Diamond Lake. A little drive from Crater Lake. We go hiking all the time. My dog loves jumping in the Fiat because she knows we're going to have an adventure. I've taken her all the way to Yellowstone, to Montana. I take her to the Gorge on the regular. I really do enjoy driving my Fiat in the city. I love driving downtown, checking out the food trucks. The traffic in Portland is like... the worst. So I can kind of just like leave in and out of it, you know. It's really nice having the Fiat because parking can be such a problem in the city. But I can pretty much squeeze into the little gaps that those annoying drivers leave between cars. That most cars are too big to fit. So I often take my Fiat to the parks. There are so many beautiful parks in Portland. And I have a dog. Portland is super dog friendly. So it's really nice. The Fiat is great in the city and out of the city. She's great on gas. I feel like I can pretty much just jump in her and go anywhere.