 We in design got the opportunity to do this sort of one-off design, wrap design, for the Gold Rush Rally. The timeline was super short, so we just had to kind of focus very quickly on turning an idea from pretty conceptual to actually executing it on the car. Seeing your designs come out in such a short time, it's pretty amazing. From sketch to reality in less than a month, it's unheard of. What about this personnel? I haven't seen it yet. That's how quick this project is. I think they hit it. I don't see it. Oh, there it is. Wow, that's pretty good. That looks really good, actually. Awesome. It looks great. They really executed. They did this really well. It looks exactly like the image. It's always a super fun project. Wraps and graphics are, I think they're great. You've got this great car and now we just get to sort of dress it up in these different sort of characters, which is a ton of fun. The rally itself is high energy, party on wheels with cars that will be wrapped in all sorts of gold and, you know, there's characters. People dress up with their cars that will be going. I mean, you know, they're obeying. They're obeying speed limits, but at the same time, I know there's pushing involved. With the Revero GT, the car is, it's a beautiful shape, right? It's elegant. It's sophisticated. You know, this car could roll up to a red carpet or to a really elegant dinner event and not look out of place. But at the same time, it's not stuffy. You know, the car is not stuffy. The car can dress up like this, go to one of these rallies and hang with these guys that are just having a riot, having a good time. That are just having a riot, having a good time. That are just having a riot, having a good time. That are just having a riot, having a good time. That are just having a riot, having a good time. That are just having a riot, having a good time. That are just having a riot, having a good time. And it really, you know, the car, the car's got that kind of duality to it.