 Well, good morning everyone and welcome to Lexus. You know, when the Lexus brand and the LS launched right here in Detroit in 1989, it was available only in the United States. Now the LS is sold on six continents in 90 markets globally. So 28 years and 8 million Lexus vehicles later, the LS is a true global citizen. When the LS first arrived on the scene all those years ago, it set a new benchmark for what we felt luxury could be in the automotive industry. And now we believe the vehicle that you're about to see sets the next high watermark for experiential luxury today. Ladies and gentlemen, Lexus' new fifth generation flagship sedan, the 2018 LS 500. You know, this sedan delivers the physical presence and interior space of a prestige three box sedan, yet its silhouette is the shape of a four door coupe. And the bold design, reflects the completely reimagined driving dynamics that take LS to a new higher level. Precise handling and steering response are achieved with the use of an all new architecture. This is an extended version of the same global platform used in the LC coupe. And you can expect a similar exhilarating driving experience as with LC. The new platform combined with the redesigned suspension creates a highly rigid balanced luxury sedan. The new LS is a new model of a sedan that seamlessly merges driving comfort, safety and personalized performance. Now compared to our new LS, it's lower, it's longer and it's wider, creating a stable base for an engaging drive under any condition. To further establish ideal balance, the powertrain has been moved lower and toward the center of the car. Now powering the new LS is an all new V6 with twin turbos. It was developed in the 1980s. It's a new model that was developed through our F1 technology and signifies the future direction for Lexus. This new engine provides V8 level power and performance while minimizing noise, vibration and fuel consumption. The new engine generates 415 horsepower and 442 pound feet of torque. It's paired with these segments first 10 speed automatic transmission. The gear ratios are spaced ideally for quick response and smooth acceleration. The new LS is a new model that has been developed through our F1 technology and signifies the ideal base for acceleration. To optimize the new platform, suspension, turbo charged engine and 10 speed transmission, the new LS uses the most advanced Dynamic Control System ever offered in a Lexus. Our customers will feel the benefit of precise handling, direct steering and smooth power of the new LS. Now the LS also makes a strong safety statement with standard Lexus Safety System Plus and an available Advanced Safety System Bundles cutting edge active safety technology. The new vehicle is equipped with a 6.5-inch engine and the new Lexus Safety System Plus is equipped with a 6.5-inch engine and a 6.5-inch engine. This new Lexus Safety System Plus is equipped with a 6.5-inch engine and a 6.5-inch engine. technologies and includes the world's first intuitive braking and pedestrian detection with active steering. So, for example, if a pedestrian is detected in the lane ahead, an alert will appear in the world's largest 24-inch heads-up display. And if a collision is imminent, the LS will automatically brake and steer around the person while staying in the lane. Beyond its outstanding driving dynamics and innovative technology, the new LS embraces two fundamental elements of its Japanese roots. The first is omotenashi, or Japanese hospitality. And the second is takumi, master craftsmanship, that lives at the heart of our production quality. Now, once inside a 28-way adjustable driver's seat with shiatsu massage and heating is available, and with the executive package, additional relaxation is available with a heated power rear seat also featuring shiatsu massage. And there's also a raised ottoman for passengers to rest their feet. Other options include a panoramic roof, 3D surround Mark Levinson audio with ceiling speakers, and that 24-inch color heads-up display. The all-new 2018 LS500 demonstrates a world-class offering from Lexus and will go on sale near the end of this year. With the new LS500, the new LS500 will be available in the next few years. With its dynamic, engaging drive, craftsmanship that's surprising in any vehicle, and innovative safety technology that helps make people better drivers, the LS500 will lead the way as we invite our customers around the globe to experience amazing. Thank you very much and have a great day, everybody.