 🎵outro music plays🎵 🎵outro music plays🎵 🎵outro music plays🎵 Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Chairman Nissan North America, Denis Lavat. 🎵outro music plays🎵 Hello. Hello. What a thrill it is to be here representing Nissan for the first time in a long time. at the New York Auto Show. In January, after 27 great years with Nissan's alliance partner, Renault, I jumped at the opportunity to become Chairman of Nissan North America. As an engineer, I simply could not resist what Nissan offered, the chance to help deliver a lineup of vehicles that will transform the future of mobility. Today, it is my pleasure to introduce one of these vehicles. This is the 2019 Altima, a car that embodies Nissan's vision, innovative spirit, and industry-leading capabilities. As the sixth-generation version, it builds on 25 years of success. Since 1993, Altima sales have reached 5.6 million. To us, this is just a starting point. That's why we decided to shake up the midsize sedan segment in terms of design, driving enjoyment, and technology that are advanced and affordable. In development, we have been working on a new model, the Nissan Altima. In developing the all-new Altima, we aim to make driving safer, less stressful, and a lot more fun. The result is the most advanced sedan Nissan has ever created. Inside and out, the new Altima has been enhanced and completely redesigned. In a few moments, Alfonso Albaisa, Nissan's Senior Vice President for Global Design, will discuss its design story. But first, there are three things I'm excited to share with you today. First, there are three things I'm excited to share with you today. The first is what doesn't necessarily goól There's a lot of literature about the new Altima. Number one, it includes the most advanced Nissan intelligent mobility technologies, including Pro-Pilot Assist. Number two, it features two new engines including the world's first production variable compression or VC turbo. And number three, it's the first Nissan sedan in the U.S. to be equipped with intelligent all-wheel drive. The 2019 Altima embodies the vision of Nissan intelligent mobility, to redefine how cars are driven, powered and integrated into society. Just like the letters ROG and the 2018 LEAF, the all-new Altima offers Nissan's single-lane autonomous drive technology called ProPILOT Assist. As a next step, we will introduce ProPILOT Assist technology to support multi-lane highway travel and by 2020 it will also support city driving. Adding ProPILOT Assist to the 2019 Altima continues Nissan's approach of making the most advanced technology accessible to more drivers and it complements Altima's other safety technology. The new Altima introduces Safety Shield 360, a comprehensive suite of active safety features. It includes automatic emergency braking, lane departure warning, blind spot detection and rear automatic braking. The 2019 Altima also features the next generation of Nissan Connect. This is the first version of the Altima, which is a new version of the Altima. This allows seamless connectivity with the vehicle through smartphone and Amazon Alexa. And Nissan has made both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto standard on every 2019 Altima. To further enhance the Altima driving experience, Nissan made a record investment in its powertrain development. Altima's V6 engine has been replaced with the world's first production VC Turbo 4-cylinder. This engine generates the performance of a V6 with a fuel economy of a four-cylinder engine. It also adapts on demand to deliver thrilling horsepower or to run with extreme efficiency. Industry engineers have been working on this technology for decades. Nissan is proud to be the first to deliver it. This dynamic 20, 248 horsepower engine seamlessly changes its compression rate for high performance or high efficiency driving. It is like combining a sprinter and a marathoner in one single event. The Altima is a new generation of the Altima. The standard engine is our new 2.5 liter 4-cylinder. It offers a 188 horsepower and better fuel economy, thanks to the introduction of our direct injection technology. Our pioneering efforts continue with the option of intelligent all-wheel drive. We saw that the lack of available all-wheel drive has been a key factor in pushing US buyers who prefer sedans to compact SUV. Of the top three selling mid-sized sedans in the US, Altima has won the top three. This is a real Only Altima will offer all-wheel drive. We expect this to be a key sales driver, especially for customers in the northern part of the country. The all-new Altima was designed primarily for the US market. That's a big reason we're building it at Nissan's Smyrna, Tennessee plan, the highest volume auto plan in the Americas, and at Nissan's Canton, Mississippi plan, which just celebrated production of its fourth million vehicle. Over the past 30 years, Nissan has been investing more than $11 billion in our US manufacturing operations. We've produced 10 million engines and nearly 16 million vehicles in America. Nationwide, we employ more than 22,000 men and women and support tens of thousands of jobs at Nissan and Infiniti dealership and supplier partners. This foundation has allowed Nissan to create our industry leading lineup of cars, crossovers, and trucks here in the US. Including our best-selling Rogue, the all-electric Leaf, and the Titan pickup. It has also fueled Nissan's growth in this critical market. With the new Altima, we intend to capture additional US customer, especially Generation Y and Z drivers. They are demonstrating a strong appetite for sedans and demand the latest technology in their cars. But the 2019 Altima is not just a symbol of Nissan's ambition in the sedan market, or in the US market. It showcases our commitment to becoming a stronger global competitor by bringing bold new vehicles to more customers worldwide. We look forward to starting Altima sales this fall, beginning here in the US and expanding to other markets. As you can see, with the all-new Altima, a new era of mobility has arrived. And Nissan could not be more excited about the road ahead. Now, to tell you more about the 2019 Altima, it's my pleasure to turn things over to my colleague, Alfonso Albais. Alfonso. Thank you, Denny. In so many ways, the Nissan Altima is Nissan. With each generation, its designs had followed the same path as our company, challenging the status quo, shaping up the critical midsize sedan segment, and bringing oxygen to every corner. Good evening. I am karena Saudi Arabia. In this Foodies Forum currently I'm what we call a good 만나 of all of our customers. Today, 5 million cars, after we introduced it, are designed teams have infused it with even more artistry and ingenuity. With the success of Crossovers, we saw an opportunity to rethink the Altima outside the traditional sedan box. While Crossovers continue to have a large and low following, surprised to hear that for many people a sedan when done sexy is an escape from the mundane every day so our sixth generation ultima has been slimmed down and sleeped up for a new generation of customer so let's take a look at first glance it is angular arrows sleek and effortlessly dynamic the wheelbase stretches a full two inches longer than the current one allowing us to enhance the overall spaciousness of this new ultima the low and wide proportions gave us the freedom to create a body that is not only sleek but also simple and streamlined with a horizontal movement slicing through the wind as if shaped by it this car is the embodiment of nissan's emotive geometry this new ultima's dynamic character lines are not superficial they are the result of powerful twisting surfaces intersecting in dynamic and dynamic shapes and shapes of the car's body the result of this sculptural theory are deep and sharp sheet metal stampings that capture and reflect light and colors beautifully it also embraces the next generation of nissan signature design cues including our distinctive floating roof and iconic v-motion grille the roof pillars are slimmer and the headlights more streamlined and the available led headlamps and daytime running lights are also the most important feature of the new ultima the new ultima has a unique design with a signature grille design to emphasize the front end width and the very low hood similar to the show cars from the last few years the v-motion grille is dominant and sets up the big rearward movement of the design itself drawing your eyes from this wonderful hood through the cabin and off the rear of the car so when coming around the rear the horizontal movement continues showcasing the an evolved boomerang tail lamp the horizontal movement continues showcasing the an evolved boomerang tail lamp that is thinner and more angular as you can see my teams in japan and in california have created a stunning design but they did not stop there now let's take a let's experience the wonderful big changes they have made on the inside of this vehicle the interior is warm open and airy providing a sense of togetherness here we also continues this concept of slimming down and slicking up our interior is warm open and airy providing a sense of togetherness here we also continues this concept of slimming down and slicking up our our design teams worked closely with engineers to create a new interior envelope that dramatically widens the interior space our zero gravity seats have been enhanced for more comfort and support wood finishers with embedded metallic fibers bring additional warmth to the interior sanctuary but in a more technologically advanced way with the instrument panel the previous seagull flow instrument panel has been replaced by the new seagull flow instrument panel the previous seagull flow instrument panel has been replaced by the new with a more open and horizontal gliding wing approach. It stretches from A-pillar to A-pillar, offering a mix of modern furniture design with our unique Nissan Dynamic DNA. Through ingenious repackaging, we kept the instrument panel thin, yet still able to deliver this powerful, want-to-drive-it feeling. With everything raised up and easier to see, the new Altima's intuitive technology is the hallmark of Nissan Intelligent Mobility. In short, the new Altima is a car for empowered people who want everything in their lives to be functional, yet stylish in every way. It combines art and science, simplicity and sophistication, innovation and ingenuity to make the journey more enjoyable every step of the way. With that, I would like to thank my global design team, especially Executive Design Director Satoru Taishi, and Design Director Ken Lee, who led the efforts on this very exciting new car. This new Altima makes a statement that sedans are back and ready to deliver a future for this iconic model that is even better than its great past. Thank you, and I hope to continue this conversation on the show floor a little later. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending. For more information, please see a product specialist located throughout the booth. For more information, please visit www.altima.com.