 Welcome to Lexus of Edmonton. We are located off 111th Ave and 170th Street in Edmonton, Alberta. We're looking at a brand new 2015 Lexus ES300h Hybrid. Runs on regular fuel. We have the black exterior, black interior, Nulex leather with wood trim. Four door, five passenger. This one is a touring package. So bird's eye maple wood trim, driver seat memory, side mirrors and steering wheel, powered windows and locks. Side mirrors are powered. With that you have your blind spot monitoring button, the park assist, storage unit with the carpet material, trunk, hood and gas cap release, domino trip and dashboard lights. 10 way power adjustable front seats. They both have a lumbar support. Bucket seats with adjustable headrests. This is a power tilted steering wheel. It's leather and wood wrap and it's heated. On it we have audio controls, Bluetooth, hands free communication, cruise control. Display button is for on the dash. Gives you some vehicle information. And also direct tire pressure monitoring system. You have your engine start and stop button. Heated and ventilated front seats. Heat steering wheel button there. Drive modes. We have eco, normal, sports and the EV mode. Traction control off switch. Leather and wood shift knob. You have dual zone climate control, AC, front and rear defrost. Side mirrors are heated. Lexus analog clock. Display screen houses your voice activated navigation system as well as your backup camera. Side mirrors auto tilt down and reverse and you got grid lines. For your audio. You have 8 speaker Lexus audio system. AM FM, satellite, CD, USB, Bluetooth and auxiliary. You have your power tilted sunroof with sun shade. Overhead lighting. Dual vanity mirrors on your visors that are illuminated. Auto dimming rear view mirror with three integrated garage door open. You have a 3 door garage door. You have your 17 inch alloy wheels. All season tires with wheel locks. You have your keyless entry with smart access. Key lock prevention. Shark fin and 10 on the roof. Rear cross traffic alerts. Sauce heat recovery system. You have your rear lip spoiler. Backup sensors. You have your brake lights. You have remote trunk release. This button underneath here will unlock the trunk. Underneath the floor you'll find your compact spare tire and jack. You have cargo tie downs. Cargo net.нако you get your picture in store sometimesацabby.com. On your left side tiny lot window with cooler and wash often forgotten canned尺 in your top of your vest. Underneath it. You have your emergency release handle. underneath them you can fold them shut, rain sensing wipers and your windshield wiper de-icer, LED daytime running strip lights, fog lights, clearance sensors, and engine block heater. So come on down to Lexus.Edmonton and check out the new 2015 hybrids.