 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you Welcome to the LA Auto Show! I'm your host Vanessa James and I've partnered with Nissan to showcase some of their exciting new 2018 vehicles that you don't wanna miss. So we're gonna kick things off with our very first 100% all-electric vehicle, the Nissan Leaf. So what's beautiful about the Leaf, obviously, is it's 100% electric, but the beautiful details, of course, not to mention the fact that it's zero tail pipeline emissions is what makes it innovative and game-changing. So meet me inside. Here we go. So here's the thing about the Nissan Leaf. We've got the beautiful detail which follows you all the way inside with, of course, that blue stitching that works its way through all the seatings, the steering wheel, not to mention beveled here. And then, of course, on the range. What I love about the Leaf also is it's got that available pro-pilot assist which helps keep you centered in your lane, a safe distance from other cars, as well as the available intelligent around-view monitor with motion detection that helps you see when you're parking and backing up. The Leaf is truly a game-changer for those who absolutely love and adore a vehicle that is 100% electric, that gives you all the motions that you need, not to mention that versatility, especially if you love something that's compact, but still packs a punch. All right, let's Rogue. Walk with me, shall we? So here's the thing. The Nissan Rogue is crossover of the year for very good reason. I actually had a chance to enjoy a Rogue trip earlier this year where I took my family through Northern California. We took a trip around the Bay Area, and I wasn't really sure what to expect with the Rogue. I was more than pleasantly surprised. I was wowed. The Rogue had so much comfortability, not to mention technology, that really makes it extra comfortable. And I can see why, of course, it's got that beautiful design that people love and are flocking to because it is crossover of the year. Here we go. I want to show you, of course, that liftgate, which is already open, which is very popular. But I've got a model here, and we're going to walk through the popular Nissan Rogue in class cargo space. So here's the thing. The class-exclusive available divide-and-hide cargo system really allows you to be versatile with that trunk. Talk about tailgate options, of course, grocery shopping. But if you need extra space for the dog, the Rogue's got it. And, of course, the Midnight Edition of the Rogue is beautiful with all of these extra touches that really makes it pop and stand out, all those black touches that people just love. All right, so one of the coolest features I love about the Midnight Edition Rogue, this, I'm telling you, it's the easy flex seating system. I'm going to do a quick demo for you so you can check it out and you can see what I mean. Here we go. Look at that. And also, all the way down. Are you serious? Amazing. Really extra space, which is really what makes the Rogue so special. When you talk about a crossover, let's be honest, you don't think, okay, this is going to be so roomy, it's going to be game-changing for me. But it really is. It is best in class front headroom for a reason. And that's what makes Rogue the number one selling crossover in its class. Now let's talk about class. Here's the thing. This thing is packed with features and technology that you don't want to miss. And of course, 2018, they brought out all the punches. Here we go. Class and exclusive standard built-in spot warning. It's the standard built-in blind spot warning, which really is a game changer, as well as the class exclusive rear cross-traffic system. Not to mention class exclusive available intelligent all-around view monitor with moving object. Now what makes this really special, when you click on the camera button, not only are you getting a great chance to get this cool feature, it's got the 360 composite view all around the vehicle, which really helps you see when you're parking and backing up. Not to mention its debut, the Pro Pilot Assist system. It really helps you stay centered in your lane and a safe distance from other cars. I'm telling you, the Rogue, over 30,000 sold in October alone. They can't keep up with them because it's just that popular for very good reason. All right, so we're here at the LA Auto Show. Of course, Nissan had to do something different and really pack the punches. So here we go. They've collaborated with Star Wars for the Return of the Jedi movie, which is premiering December 15th right here in Hollywood. And it's LA. It's Star Wars. I want to show you some of the really cool features in the collaboration for the new Lucasfilms. The theming on these vehicles were designed by the artists at Lucasfilms Industrial Light and Magic. Each design is inspired by a different character in the upcoming Star Wars film, The Last Jedi. They're part of Nissan's collaboration with Lucasfilms to support the new film Star Wars, of course. And they're in theaters December 15th. What's really cool about this? Now, I know a lot of people want to know they're not for sale, but they're concept cars. So, of course, we wouldn't see these on the streets of LA, but they're still absolutely amazing. Star Wars, of course, is probably one of the most iconic movies of our time, and Nissan's collaboration with Lucasfilms really takes this concept to brand new levels. Now, of course, these cars are curated specifically for them. So, we do have the ability to check out, you know, some of the imagination that went into crafting and curating these vehicles. But, of course, no, sorry, they're not for sale. Ready? Ready for the guy? Oh, okay. Keep talking. I guess we're not. Okay, we're talking. Wrap up? Oh, keep going. Okay. All right, here we go. Yeah. All right. So, people want to get up close and personal, of course, because it's Star Wars. It's the return of Jedi. Let me walk you over to my favorite three out of the collection. Let's check this one out. I don't even know where to begin. Star Wars, the last Jedi in theaters December 15th. Talk about this collaboration with Lucasfilms. I mean, this is absolutely game-changing. It's beautiful. It's definitely, you know, forward-thinking. It really... It really wows in terms of design. And I just love the collaboration with, again, them and Lucasfilms. If you are a Star Wars fan, you're going to want to know that parts of the Nissan collaboration is to support the new film. But also, these are some designs that were inspired by the film itself. So, although you won't see these cars on the road, this Ultima, for instance, you will actually see concepts of it in the movie. So, I think that's a great way to bring the most different experience to the largest set of people. Done? We're still going? Okay. A wrap-up? Yeah, just more shots. More shots. 13 minutes left? Oh, wow. Okay. That's a long time. All right. So, here we are. It's the live stream. What I love about the LA Auto Show is you really get a chance to come out and check out what's new and what's different from these brands. Nissan pulled out all the punches this year. Not only do we have a live performance coming up, but we also have a reveal. Now, I took you through and showed you the 100% electric, of course, Nissan Leaf, that midnight edition Rogue, and, of course, these three amazing vehicles for the collaboration with Star Wars, The Last Jedi, in theaters December 15th. For more details on these cars, make sure to head to NissanUSA.com, where you can get all the details. And bumper to bumper, we have a lot of stuff. So, what are some of the bumper features that you're going to want to know about the 2018 collection? We'll further develop the industry's most effortless ownership experience so we can make our clients like any machine. Save them time. Provide an even more personalized experience. Hi. We keep talking. Okay, cool. We will continue to expand our family. Some of the features I want to just wrap around and let you know about, just in case you missed them. When we were talking about the Leaf earlier today. When we were talking about the Leaf earlier today, we mentioned the fact, of course, that it was 100% electric. I know we got a chance to do a quick little preview, but I wouldn't mind walking you back through there to check it out again. Let's do it. It's the LA Auto Show. We're on the cuff. That's what we love about it. All right. Let's do a bumper-to-bumper review of this brand-new Nissan Leaf, 2018. Now, of course, we're going to talk about the Lease. Now, of course, we've got all of the beautiful detail in the front. But I love this brand-new pearl as well, accented white. Now, the Leaf, obviously, is going to be available in some different colors, which you can find out at NissanUSA.com. And, of course, again, 100% electric. We talked about the feature that I love, the box stitching and that blue. It really makes the Leaf special. The leather ingrain, of course. Not to mention the box blue stitching. That's the best part. The box stitching all along the lines works its way throughout the entire vehicle. Yes, the entire vehicle. So bumper-to-bumper, not only are you getting amazing game-changing technology, but you're also getting quality and style. That's what makes the Leaf special. Now, people are wanting to know, how many miles can you get on this thing? Yes, you can get over 150 mpg. The exact number, of course, is at NissanUSA.com. All right, this is the LA Auto Show. And you can see how excited people are about these new Nissan vehicles. It is absolutely jam-packed in here and for very good reason. I'm going to see if I can walk my way over to check out the Rogue one more time before we cut to our performance and our reveal. So let me walk with you. Excuse me, darling. Excuse me. Thank you so much. Of course, NissanUSA.com for all the details because everybody wants to know, where can I get these cars? It's not just about showing them to you. It's about you getting your hands on them. So I wanted to make sure to get you up close and personal, show you everything you need to know about the vehicles, and of course, how you can buy one and get one for yourself. Besides Star Wars, by the way, which are just concepts. Sorry. Sorry. All right. We're back over to the Rogue. I know I'm talking about the Rogue because there was so much technology that I didn't get a chance to show you everything. But I just want you to pay attention to the Midnight because this is a really special edition that came out. It's the 2018 Midnight edition of the Nissan Rogue. Now, here's the thing with the Midnight edition. What really makes it special is its black edges and, of course, all of the beautiful black detailing that really makes the Midnight collection special. The Rogue, in particular, with the Midnight, it's got the black-on-black wheeling, which everybody loves because it's edgy and it's sexy and really motivates that person that loves a crossover, loves safety, but also loves style. Do you want to go around? Yeah, he is. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, as you can see, that Midnight edition really packs a punch when it comes to versatility and style. Can we peep in here and check out all the room available? Let's do it. As I mentioned earlier today, the leg room is non-par. This is best-in-class front headroom as well as leg room. I took a Rogue trip earlier this year with my family. I enjoyed and loved the fact that we got five people in here, plus all of our luggage from Miami. It was really awesome. But it was really just an awesome ability to get up close and personal with the Rogue. Not only are you getting leg room, but you're also getting technology that's bar none. Let me walk you through some of this technology. So, here we go. The technology that packs a punch in the Rogue, you need to know about it because all 2018s will come standard with class-exclusive blind spot warning, which is built into the mirror system. Not to mention class-exclusive rear cross-hairs. Class-exclusive rear cross-traffic system. Class-exclusive available intelligent around-view monitors. And what's cool about that, like I mentioned, it has the ability for you to create a 360 composite view all around the vehicle just with the touch of a camera button. That's what makes it really special. A lot of these features, again, are standard in the 2018 crossover Rogue. But what makes them special is that some of them are exclusive. So, what you're getting exclusive, of course, is that ProPILOT Assist system, which is exclusive to Nissan. It helps you keep centered in your lane and stay a far distance from cars in front of you and behind you, and really lets you stay safe on the road. So, again, in the Rogue, especially the Midnight Edition, you're getting edginess. You're getting all of those beautiful black edge details, but you're also getting quality, style, and safety. Keep talking. Keep talking. Okay. Rogue is all about style. Rogue is all about sophistication. Rogue is all about game-changing technology. The Nissan Edition, by the way, excuse me, the Midnight Edition for the Rogue is available in multiple colors. Head to Nissan.com if you want to check those out and get more details on exactly what the Rogue offers. What I love about it, again, it's crossover of the year. In October alone, over 30,000 Rogues were sold. Over 30,000 in October alone, making it the most selling crossover in its class. It's the Midnight Edition 2018 Nissan Rogue. Keep talking. Four minutes. All right. All right. So, before we go, it's the LA Auto Show here. I am your host, Vanessa James. So excited to be here with you. Everybody always wants to know about these auto shows because they feel like, yeah, yeah, you know what? I can't get over to LA and check it out, but I want to know about these vehicles and what really makes them special, what really makes them game-changing, and how I can get my hands on one. And I don't want to have to wait or go to the dealership. So, that's what this live stream is all about. So, we took you through the Leaf. We took you through the Rogue. This is the Midnight Edition 2018. I'm going to show you one more time. This Leafgate, which was really game-changing, especially for us ladies who have bags and groceries and all that good stuff, the Leafgate really made that extra game-changing capability, which really made it special a couple years ago. Now it's built into all of the Nissan crossover vehicles. But also, this in-cargo system that Chris is going to show you really packs a punch because it allows you to be really versatile with your trunk. So, okay, Chris, let's talk about this. So, this is Tailgate. This says Tailgate to me. This also says quick trip to the grocery store. But what if I have a pet? Show me all of the room that we can really play around with with regards to this space. And then, like I talked about Tailgate, say you're barbecuing, say you've got friends, you've got the music cranking. I mean, this is perfect for a Tailgate situation. Again, people who use their crossovers, they use it for, you know, their lifestyle. They're just not vehicles that get you from A to B. So, that's what Nissan brought with this 2018 Rogue. It's all about versatility, safety, comfort, luxury, all in one car. But also, the ability for you to just get a lot of wear out of it and do as much as you can with it. So, Chris, how do we take this back down to ground zero, which I think is perfect for a pet, by the way? Look at that. And then you stay here, cameraman. I want to walk. If Chris could walk to the front and just open that up. That easy seating system really allows you to get even more space. So, now we're talking road trips. Now we're talking long distances. And you can see that you're getting a lot of space that you didn't even realize that you could have. Look at that. So, if you've got a pet, if you, you know, are traveling a long distance for a holiday or, you know, just road trips, whatever the case may be. Now we're talking about a crossover vehicle that has the technology built in. Like I mentioned with the ProPILOT Assist. And the rear cross traffic system. But also, hello, space. Which is game changing, especially for people who want a crossover. They don't want it to be too big. But they want to feel like they're getting the most out of the space that they're dealing with. All right. I'm going to put this mic down. And I'm going to play around with this seat a little bit. Maybe. Chris is going to help me. Okay. So, this. This. This is a live stream. And we've gotten your feedback. And apparently you guys want to go check out those Star Wars vehicles one more time. Can we do that? Let's hit the last Jedi. Please take your seats. The program is about to begin. Okay. Before we go, don't forget you can head over to NissanUSA.com for a complete list of the details that we talked about in the features of these vehicles. But I know you want to end on Star Wars. No. These are concept cars. You're not going to be able to actually get these at the dealership. They are going to be featured conceptually. In, of course, the new movie that's coming up in less than two weeks. So, make sure you check that out. December 15th in theaters. Star Wars The Last Jedi. This is a collaboration with Nissan and Lucasfilms. So exciting, right? Well, the excitement does not stop. We actually have something brand new coming. A reveal and a live show happening very shortly. So, stay with us. And don't forget to subscribe to our channel. And you can click on the little bell to get notified when we upload a new video. And, of course, yes, you can leave a message of support. You can write a comment. You can also send us a message asking for a shout-out. And, of course, we will be happy to help you. But, as always, thanks for watching. See you guys next time. Bye-bye. I will see you guys next time. Take care. Bye-bye. See you guys next time. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Dan Monk. Wow. Let's hear it again one more time for Robert DeLong. He's got exactly the high energy and style that's a perfect fit for this new Nissan Kicks. Now, Kicks, of course, is the latest addition to Nissan's incredibly successful CUV lineup. It all started a couple years ago with the redesigned Rogue, which has set all-time sales records month after month, year after year. Now, we kept the momentum going last summer with the launch of the all-new Rogue Sport. And coming this spring, Kicks, the new gateway to our CUV lineup, jumps into the heart of the emerging entry CUV class. And Kicks has the style and substance to really stand out. So let's take a closer look, starting with its expressive style. Kicks has its roots in the vibrancy and exuberance of Brazil's Carnival. The original Kicks concept was a collaboration between Nissan Design Studios in San Diego and Rio de Janeiro. From the two-tone paint, aggressive stance, and eye-catching point, Kicks reflects an energetic attitude and style that makes it unique. While embracing signature Nissan design features such as the floating roof and V-Motion grille. Now, packaging is also a Kicks strength, just like Rogue and Rogue Sport. Along with a roomy, smart interior and 25 cubic feet of cargo space behind the second row. The five-passenger Kicks offers ample room for all occupants with front, head, and leg room, the best among key competitors. And Kicks delivers a surprising level of features for this segment in the form of technology. Technology that we say is a class above. Like all of our 2018 cars, trucks, and SUVs, Kicks embraces the three pillars of Nissan's intelligent mobility. Intelligent driving, intelligent power, and intelligent integration. We believe that our new Nissan Kicks, just as much as any vehicle, is a great example of the power of the Nissan. And we believe that our new Nissan Kicks is just as powerful as any other Nissan. I believe that every vehicle in our lineup should have technology that turns cars from plain machines to intelligent assistants. And that's what Nissan Intelligent Mobility brings to Kicks and to our customers. That's why every Kicks includes standard automatic emergency braking and forward collision warning. Plus, there's available blind spot warning, rear cross traffic alert and the amazing Intelligent Around View Monitor. Now that's intelligent driving. What about intelligent power? We expect the adventure-enabling Kicks to offer fuel economy of 33 miles per gallon from its 1.6 liter engine and X-tronic transmission. And as for intelligent integration, Kicks offers standard 7-inch display, Bluetooth audio streaming with available Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, and a Bose Personal Plus audio system with eight speakers, including two mounted in the driver's seat head restraint. Kicks personalized integration lets you have what you want, where you want it. You choose the interface for real-time traffic or custom playlists enjoyed in the comfort of our famous NASA-inspired zero-gravity seats. Now the Kicks will appeal heavily. to buyers moving up from small entry-level sedans. One of the key Kicks attributes will be its impressive, class-leading features at an attractive MSRP. In other words, value. Three grade levels will be offered with a projected, well-equipped Kicks priced well under $19,000. So there you have it, the all-new Nissan Kicks. With class-above technology, expressive style, and fun to drive, all at a great price. I thank you for your attention. Please stick around for photos, questions, and of course, lunch. And join us at 10.05 tomorrow morning, right here, for an intergalactic fireside chat with Marketing VP, Jeremy Tucker, and a few of his friends. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please join us on stage for a closer look. For more information, please see the product specialists located throughout the booth. The Kicks are available at the Kicks store, and the Kicks are available at the Kicks store. The Kicks are available at the Kicks store. The Kicks are available at the Kicks store. The Kicks are available at the Kicks store. The Kicks are available at the Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The Kicks store. The ramparts you ride through pair with fine while stars from the coloredvelves. The Kicks store. exciting. Everyone's flocking this car and I'm getting a chance to get inside and get up close and personal first. I'm telling you. Okay, here's the first thing I noticed, by the way, the beautiful detail on the seating. It really makes it special. It's this box detail right here, of course, with all of the beautiful tones that match the outside. I want to tell you about the kicks too. It's going to be available in five colors. Now, five two-tone combinations are available, which is a game changer. So not only are you getting this crossover and this elegant style, but you got five colors to choose from, which makes it really awesome. The kicks also has got, of course, standard. Here's what's come standard in the kicks. Standard automatic emergency brake, standard forward collision warning, standard intelligent headlights with 33 miles per gallon combined. You're going to save a ton on gas too. This is awesome. This Nissan kicks comes available, like I said, in five expressive style colors, which people are really loving. Not to mention, I'm looking at media just flocking all around it because they're getting a chance to see it for the first time with us, which really makes this extra special. So I showed you the two-toned orange, but we also have this gorgeous red that I want to get your attention. So walk over. Let's see if we can squeeze in here. And get a chance to get up close and personal with the red. We talked about what's standard, but this particular style model definitely packs a punch as it has all the extra bells and whistles that the kicks is going to offer. Beautiful. It's beautiful. I know. I agree. It's really nice. I love the box stitching. I love the colors. I love the two-tone colors. I love the box stitching. I love the threading here and all of the lines. It just really is beautiful. It's crossover. It's edgy. It's sexy. It's sophisticated. I like it. And it's very urban. It feels to me like this kicks. Where do you want to go? Let's go. Let's go to Hollywood. All right. So here's the thing. I talked to you about some of the features in the two-tone orange crossover, which really made, you know, obviously its debut really special because those two-tone colors are going to come in. Five colors, not just one. Five colors. But this one packs all the technology. So get in here. Let me show you some of it. All right. So first up, the seven-inch touchscreen here is available with Apple CarPlay and Android Audio. So you are going to get Apple CarPlay and Android Audio, which is an upgrade on some of the kicks. But the seven-inch touchscreen comes standard. It's also got the seven-inch instrument cluster, which is a really big deal because everyone talks about how that's just been a really, you know, game-changing technology that's been implemented in a lot of the Nissan cars, which really makes it special. Now, major, I want to talk to you about this. For the first time, okay, Bose audio is not only included in the actual car, but this is what really is seriously special with the kicks. First time, industry first in the U.S., the Bose Personal Plus audio system is built into the headrest. So that driver is not only getting eight speakers, but two and a half speakers. So that's a lot of power. So what's the difference between this and the N encont and both, is as you can see here, this says Bose vraiment der You're going to get an audio system. You can use hedrest, the headrest system, his software, and the driver's voice. And it's built in the headrest. For a complete 360 personalized audio experience for the driver. So you are getting both audio throughout the entire car and in the in specifically for the driver, you're also getting two built in. Whoa. Speakers game chang oh, vlogs vehicle. Big deal. And I know a lot of millennials and a lot of ar, you know, people that would be interested in the kicks. Are definitely going to be interested in that because you're getting style, you're getting obviously comesih compact ability. You're getting really great mileage, by the way, not to mention those two-tone colors. And this red, like I told you, it's got all the bells and whistles built in. But I wanted to bring you in to show you this Bose. I'm telling you, Bose speakers built into the headrest is a big deal for the driver. So you can personalize that audio speaker. And also, obviously, everybody else in the car is getting an amazing audible experience as well. Let's take you to the back and show you some more features. Okay, now you can play, Chris. All right. So let's do a wraparound. It's my first time seeing the car, too. Let's check out the lights. Let's check out the kick spot, bumper, everything. Just really, really beautiful features, beautiful lines, and this color. Now, obviously, we know that this is a crossover, but the legroom, too, on the back, I'm really surprised about how much legroom you're getting here. You're getting amazing legroom as a passenger as well as a driver, which is really special and really sweet. And again, that Bose audio, so my driver's getting it, but I'm getting Bose audio in eight speakers in the car, which is a big deal. All right, let's go check out the front. Now, I know you're thinking, how can I get my hands on a kick spot? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You can. NissanUSA.com. They'll be available in the spring of 2018. Pre-model production is what you're looking at right now. We didn't even get a chance to talk about that black floating roof. The black floating roof comes standard on the kicks. It really is what defines and makes the kicks extra special, that black floating roof. You saw it on the orange, but you're also getting it here, as well. Again, it just wraps from side to side, bumper to bumper, really, really makes the car extra special and also extra edgy. Okay. All right. So, we talked about the 2018 reveal of the brand new Nissan kicks. Live streamers, what are you thinking about it? Let me know. I need to know what you think about it. You can find it, of course, at NissanUSA.com, available in spring of 2018. Come back to us. Come back here and check out the trunk. Kicks fans, I know. I am one of you. I love this car. We're always on the go, right? The trunk space I wanted to show you is pretty spacious. So, we're talking a crossover with major trunk space, as well. You're getting a lot of trunk space, a lot of compatibility, and also a lot of options to play in terms of what you want to use your trunk for. And also, that easy seating system that we saw in the Rogue is also available in the crossover kicks. Nissan, obviously, always is going to put their best features and try to make sure that those features go from car to car, and they spared no detail when it came to the kicks. This crossover packs a punch. Again, it's available in five two-tone colors, like the orange we saw. It's also got the ability... A lot of those technology abilities. That I showed you earlier, as well. Including that 360 personalized audio experience for the driver. A few other technologies that you need to know about, because we see you on the live stream asking these questions. I'm going to go ahead and answer them for you. Yes, this does have rear cross-traffic alert. It does have blind spot warning. It does have intelligent around-view monitor with moving object detection, as well as everything that you need to know about the car. And then, of course, the first thing you want in a perfectly sized package. The Nissan 2018 kicks. Seriously, can't believe how much legroom is in this car, either. Really packs a lot of legroom. If you think you're missing out, you need to head to NissanUSA.com for details. Of course, this is a pre-production model, which is shown here, but it's available in spring of 2018. Yeah. Wrap. All right. So, we're going to do one more wrap around. And we're going to go ahead and show you the kicks bumper to bumper. I love the red, but I don't know. I'm thinking the orange has got my eye. That two-tone orange is really special. Again, that's available in five different two-tone colors. And I'm going to show you that very shortly. This is really cool. Seriously awesome car. I'm loving that the media is checking in. I'm checking them all out. And I see that people are really excited about the wheels. Hello. So am I. You're getting that signature Nissan wheel. I love the two-tone wheel as well. So, silver and black. It seems to definitely be a popular feature with a lot of the Nissan vehicles. Kicks has got a little media frenzy going on right now, which is good. All right. Let me show you the two-tone, because the media seems to be wrapping and really enjoying the red. And I got a little bit of a VIP room here with the orange. And orange. Look at this roof. Very popular feature that we talked about. That standard roof. It comes, of course, as a part of the Kicks, very expressive style. It's the floating black roof. Wrap? OK. So I don't have to look at the other cars? No, you can call the action. Good. Or however you want to call it. OK. You got it. All right. Can you hold these? Thank you. OK. So, we showed you the 100% all-electric Nissan Leaf. We showed you the Midnight Collection, of course, for the 2018 Nissan Rogue. You got a chance at an up-close experience with the conceptual cars from Star Wars The Last Jedi, December 15th. And, of course, we just premiered the brand-new 2018, first time ever in the U.S., Nissan Kicks. Hope you loved it. Of course, you head to NissanUSA.com right now for complete details. A lot of these cars are available in the spring of 2018. I'm Vanessa James. It's been awesome hanging out with you. I'll see you soon.