 Hi, welcome to Polestar headquarters here in Gothenburg. I'm Chetan Kothar, the CEO's assistant, and we'll give you a quick behind-the-scenes tour of our world here at Polestar. Let's get going. This is Polestar 1, an electric performance hybrid with 600 horsepower and 1,000 newton meters of torque. What makes this car really special is that you can drive up to 150 kilometers pure electric. We're really proud of this car. And this one next to it, this was the first ever driving prototype for Polestar. We're in the cube now. This is where we make all our big decisions for the company. Ah, you can see Thomas getting ready for the big show. Hello, Kiri. What are you up to? Over here in the lab, this is where all of our awesome engineers sit. How's it going, Sophia? Great, Chetan. Nice. The guys over here are super busy creating our customer and commercial offers as we begin rolling out cars. We are bringing cars to the market with a totally new approach. Polestar customers will never have to queue at a service reception. Or struggle with complicated buying processes. There's also a huge interest in our subscription service. The full, no-hassle Polestar experience on one monthly bill. Chetan, do you have two minutes? I'm really sorry, guys. The show starts soon. We better get a move on. This is the quiet zone. Shh. The Polestar production center in Chengdu is nearly ready for Polestar 1s to start rolling. It's getting so exciting. This is where our brand team brainstorm and create our avant-garde identity. Is everything on track, Suzanne? As always. Great to hear. And over here, we have our Polestar space retail lab. At our spaces, our customers and the general public will be able to meet product experts and get closer to our products and our brand. We're in the process currently of setting up spaces all over the world for our customers. And we're going to be able to deliver the best products to the world on high streets in cities near you. Ladies and gentlemen. That's all we have time for, folks. Enjoy the show. Please welcome Thomas Ingenlatt, chief executive officer of Polestar. Thank you. Thanks. Welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Good afternoon. Welcome. Welcome to the launch of Polestar 2. Now, Chetan toured with you through our headquarters, so you saw the awesome space. You met some of the great people working there. And yes, you said hello to Kiwi, our dog. Now, this is where we are building the new electric car brand Polestar. Polestar was established to support the change towards sustainable mobility. We are convinced that this is the right way. This is the right direction to protect this planet, to preserve it for the future generations. We are enthusiastic about the new technology and the fun and the joy that it will bring with the electric car. We are excited about the new technology. We are excited about the new technology that will bring the electric propulsion to the truly modern driving experience. With outstanding design, a powerful electric performance, and a seamless integration into your digital life, Polestar will be an intriguing addition to the new world of electric cars. We are digitally connected to our customers. Nothing, nobody in between. All communication, all interaction will be, between Polestar and you, direct. We will offer a modern subscription model where, just like you know it from your phone, with one monthly bill, everything is transparent, hustle-free, no surprises. Polestar spaces. They will be downtown. As part of the community. And we love that our customers can experience their first-hand, our products. They can get the help that they need, the personal help. And, of course, take a Polestar for a ride. The places are beautiful. They are open, inspiring, inviting. Just like this one here. The one in Oslo that we are building right now. By 2020, we will have 60 spaces up and running. In towns like London, Munich, Shanghai, Los Angeles. All across the globe. Now, this day, I have been looking forward to for a really long time. It is three years ago, when we found a home for our design that was truly dear to my heart. It was a great, powerful thing. Anything but mainstream. A true free spirit. And as free spirits tend to, it just really simply did not fit in. Now, luckily, we just had invented a brand where things that do not fit the convention will find their home. Polestar. So, this great, awesome design became our Polestar 2. And we are going to show it to you in a minute. But there is another reason why this is a truly exciting day for us here today. Because Polestar 2 is our first pure electric Polestar. A true battery electric car. Now, Polestar is dedicated to electric mobility. We are the electric performance brand. And here it is. Our pure electric Polestar 2. Do you know ourerovap? It is our electric заг marina. Polestar is perfect forismo and signature trop Noodles and banana bread. Polestar is when you can display a bits of separated car data on a car TV and drive it to a Спасибо car display. The time can take up to ten minutes. And you can decided to enjoy our Фараон. Here we are ready to go again. Paul Statu. Paul Statu. Everything, everything has been engineered and designed with passion and dedication on that car. Each and every detail has been thoughtfully considered and it is just beautiful. Iconic graphics. The clear cut architecture. Sensual surfaces. And the confident, powerful stance. This is the pure progressive design that the brand Polestar radiates through each and every detail. Now let us go straight to the heart of Polestar 2. Now what is the heart of an electric car? The battery. The very core of Polestar 2's battery is a pouch cell. That is a flat cell. That makes it easy to build up multiple layers in a very compact way. And we are talking here lots of layers. And lots and lots of layers. Three hundred twenty-four cells we condense into Polestar 2's long range battery. Now because this is the most crucial criteria. A modern premium electric car has to have. A range. With a target of five hundred kilometer range. You can rely on this battery power in Polestar 2. Now how do we actually get these three hundred twenty-four pouch cells into our Polestar 2? Well, we have to build them up. We have to build them up. We have to build them up. We have to build them up. We have to build them up. We have to build them up. Well, first we bundle twelve cells in each module. Three twenty-four times twelve. Twenty-seven modules. Those modules, they transform them ingeniously into the battery pack. Our engineers, they manage to utilize with the highest efficiency all the space and volume in the floor of the Polestar 2. So each and every corner, which is not needed for foot room, leg room, or luggage. Became battery space. Now we slide in the cooling plates. They are there for the high efficient temperature management. And that is it. That is the powerful heart of the electric Polestar 2. Strong heart with a strong beat. To protect this heart, we build a secure case around it. That is a main structure made out of an aluminum ball. And that's why it's so important. base and the steel lid and this extremely rigid enclosure that seals the battery and protects it in case of a crash. But it's not only a strong heart, obviously. It is, let's face it, the battery is heavy. Now let's make an advantage out of that. Let's use it for the sake of Polestar 2. We fit this battery enclosure just like a Lego brick into the base body structure of Polestar 2 and we use the excellent rigidity to form a super stiff car body. This amazingly strong core of the Polestar 2 that is not only the foundation for superb safety. No. It is also a crucial enabler for the agile, sporty driving feel of Polestar. Thanks to torsional stiffness and a wonderful low center of gravity. The torsional stiffness is increased compared to a standard car by 35%. Now have a look at the simulation that we're running now where the car body is put under extreme torsional stress. And as you can see, the main floor section is hardly moving. It is rock solid. And one more great thing about this. NVH levels. Noise, vibration, harshness. Now why not utilize this high mass and stiffness of the battery and enclosure? To actually reduce vibration and noise. So our engineers designed this battery enclosure to act as anchor of relevant frequencies. Now what that really means is it's just much more silent. And we want to demonstrate that to you. We will play a car driving at a speed like 100 kilometers conventionally with a noise level of 74 decibel. And then we will switch. To the noise level in a Polestar which is indeed 3.7 decibel lower than the convention. So please listen to that. That is amazing, isn't it? And of course, that makes especially sense in an electric Polestar 2. Since guess what? There is no combustion engine making noise and rattling away. So enjoy the silence in a Polestar 2. Now let us take a look at the complete drive train and the figures. Here is the long range battery with 78 kilowatt hours capacity. And then there's the electric motor in the front, the electric motor in the rear. Each 150 kilowatt. And 330 Newton meters. Let's make the math. Do the math. It is a total of 300 kilowatt power and 660 Newton meter of torque. 408 horse powers in a Polestar 2. How awesome is that? And this 660 Newton meter of electric torque. This immediate, instant, never ending force pushing you forward. And our engineers, they designed the distribution of this torque to be adjustable. And with all these great ingredients, Polestar 2 became a truly amazing performance car. Now this is the powerful electric drive train in the Polestar 2. And this was just the beginning. We are really proud. We have so many more innovations into Polestar 2. And I would love to show you some of them. Like the LED headlights of Polestar 2. They are not only beautiful, they are at the same time highly functional. In fact, these pixel LED technology we use is amongst the best and most advanced possible. There are 84 LED pixels in each headlight. And they are lined up in three rows. And now, of course, they project the beam with very high precision. But they have as well a brain, these headlights. And that brain can recognize up to five cars in the oncoming traffic. And then it cuts the light beam razor sharp around those cars. Which means, with the Polestar 2, you can drive permanently with high beam. Even with oncoming traffic. I think that is a major contribution. And that safety is dear to our heart. Now, for your safety, but as well for your comfort, we put another thing in Polestar 2. It comes standard with a highly sophisticated pilot assist system. The radar and the forward-looking camera. They permanently monitor the street ahead of you. And they support you with a safer drive. That is on watch guard for you. Every millisecond of your drive. It's never becoming tired. It never would glance at an SMS or answer a phone call. This system is your garden angel in the Polestar 2. At Polestar 2, we believe in the power of innovation. This shows in major leaps, technology leaps like the LED headlight. But we challenge each and every detail. And we innovate even the most simple mechanical components by rethinking them. And let me show you one of the amazing examples of that. And that would be our side mirror. This is a side mirror. This is a side mirror. This is a side mirror. This is a side mirror. This is a side mirror. This is a side mirror of the Polestar 2. If we had engineered it the way we did it the last 25 years. Driven by legal requirements, side mirrors actually have grown from car generation to car generation. They became bigger. And that is not only an aesthetical problem, making them look like elephant ears. It's actually as well highly inefficient, making aerodynamics really worse from generation to generation. So. Here is what our engineers reinvented. Instead of adjusting the glass within the enclosure, they actually put those together and moved both of them. And doing so, we could reduce the volume of the side mirror by 30%. That gives better aerodynamics but again, priceless, the gain in looks. Bye-bye Dumbo. . . . . . . . . Next, let me show you around inside Polestar 2. Now how do we get in? Anybody got the car key with you? No? Never mind. This you always have with you, your phone. So via Bluetooth, Polestar 2 recognizes you and your phone. And it will unlock the door when you grab the handle. But think about this. Bluetooth. Bluetooth actually has a reception position of around six to seven meters. That is not good enough in case you would be standing close by, but potentially out of sight, hidden behind your garden fence, for example. So what we did, we added four additional antennae in each and every corner of the Polestar 2. And by that... Okay. The precision is much higher. Only if you're as close as 1.5 meters by your car. The car would unlock the door when you grab the handle. We think that is going to... That is really amazing convenience for you that does not come with any compromise on your security or safety. Once you sit behind your steering wheel, then you ask yourself, where is the start button? Well, guess what? You sit on it. Literally. Really. We put the start button into the seat. So as soon as the car recognizes your phone in the car, you sitting behind the steering wheel, it will switch into ready-to-go mode. Which means no key to turn. No start button to be pushed. One more hurdle taken away. Polestar 2 knows and understands what you want to do. And it is always a step ahead. When you drive, the essential information is displayed on this gorgeous, this gorgeous clarity and brightness. And... As soon as you choose... The navigation system, it takes over and the map and the directions take over the full width of the screen. A beautiful and highly functional. Now let us move over to the center display. That is an 11-inch big gorgeous touch screen. It's bigger for more information, for richer detail, and of course for easier use. Now we mount this in portrait mode. In vertical orientation. Because this is the best for displaying a map into driving direction. And handling lists, for example, address or music lists. Now this is a real big thing here. With Polestar 2, we change completely the way that we think about and we handle the information entertainment in the car. And... I mean, for how many years have we promised to deliver an easy to use, up to date navigation? And how terribly did we fail? Again and again. Same with voice recognition. I mean, just look at the YouTube clips about, you know, funny clips about misunderstandings of voice out of control in cars. So... We thought that we really have to do something radically different here. And we did. We teamed up with the pros in the respective field and acknowledged that it is pointless to think that you can do everything best yourself. So, we embedded Android as the infotainment system software, bringing Google Assistant, Google Maps. And the apps of the car. And the apps of the car. And the apps of the car. And the apps of the Google Play Store into Polestar 2. That means that our customers will enjoy the superb artificial intelligence of Google Assistant's fast learning voice recognition. And let me demonstrate that to you. Take me to... To Pizzeria Roma. Sure. Getting the fastest route to Pizzeria Roma. And here it is. You do not have to know the town or the street. Just put in the name of the place where you want to go. And the navigation starts. Find charging stations nearby. There you go. Showing results for charging stations nearby. Look at that. That's quite a list. Play at last on Spotify. Sure. At last. At last. At last. At last. At last. At last. At last. At last. You can navigate, keep in touch, manage tasks and plan your day using the time you are behind your steering wheel without distraction. Out of the Google Play Store, you can download the apps you prefer into any of the four tiles and you can swap in between them. Your mobile isn't an Android. Never mind, it will connect. And yes, your iPhone too. All Polestar 2 cars will be connected to the internet for over-the-air updates for online entertainment like music streaming as standard. The car software will update to feel like new on a regular base. I think it's a good time now to show you a bit more of Polestar's beautiful interior. Please enjoy. Polestar 2 Polestar 2 Thank you. Polestar 2 Isn't it gorgeous? Polestar 2 Polestar 2 Polestar 2 Polestar 2 Polestar 2 Polestar 2 Polestar 2 This is from the masters of avant-garde interior design. The best you can get. Scandinavian style, giving digital innovation personality, redefining premium for the electric age. You know, minimalism is an art that requires maximum artistry, experience and precision. And I dare to say, Polestar 2 is the best designed electric car, period. Now you wonder, this is Spock. Not the first officer. This is our Spock, Polestar Spock. It is the star of a different movie, an action movie that we shot here in Gothenburg called the nasty offset front crash. And Spock plays a major role in that movie. Spock plays a major role in that movie. Spock plays a major role in that movie. Now what is happening here is that little Spock helps to guide all the heavy metal along the outside of the car during this collision. So nothing intrudes into the interior. The Spock block is helping to protect the passengers from being hurt. And it helps preventing any damage to the battery pack. It's a great invention from a famous Italian designer, one of many that will make sure Polestar 2 is one of, if not the safest electric car. It is engineered and designed to reach the top scores by rating institutes, which of course the test to come will prove. Now check out how well it performs as well in a frontal crash with a pole. Again, not a single scratch on the battery pack. It is designed to be a great driver and it is a great car for the road. And it is a great car for the road. And it is a great car for the road. Here is a complete list of safety tech in the Polestar 2. With up to nine airbags on board. Airbags not only on the outside of the seat bolster, but as well on the inside, the so-called far side airbag. Looking at that list, Polestar 2 is an electric car that makes no compromise. when it comes to protecting your life. Another topic where we take care of your worries. Charging. We understand that for many of you, the range of a car, the charging, is a concern. So, first we make sure that you get really far with one charge. Offering a high battery capacity in the Polestar 2. Second, in Polestar 2, it is really easy to find the charging stations nearby. With the full integration of the infrastructure into the navigation and an intuitive search functionality. Thirdly, we are working together with the major players, developing the fast growing charging infrastructure, to offer easy access for you, our customers, to the charging stations along your way. Our care for the environment goes beyond the electric drivetrain. With the Polestar 2, we designed our interior offer to promote and accelerate the shift of power of the car industry towards leather-free interiors. And I will spare you now the disturbing video of a mass production of leather skin. Again, just like with the propulsion, it is the great fun and the joy of the alternative that we offer that should convince our customers. So, we designed the most beautiful and great looking vegan interior program ever in the premium segment. And we made it standard in our offer. So, let me show you some of the awesome materials that we developed for Polestar 2. Here is WeaveTech. WeaveTech is a fully vegan material. It is sporty, it is water and dirt repellent, and this crisp and modern look actually was inspired by sportswear, scuba diving sportswear. WeaveTech is 30% lighter than leather. So, for each car, we save up to 4 kilo weight compared to a leather-equipped car. An even lighter offer is the textile seat. That saves 8 kilos of weight compared to the leather car. I mean, 8 kilos. It's a lot of material. It's really nice. So, it's a great idea. And we have a lot of fun with it. And we have a lot of fun with it. And we have a lot of fun with it. And we have a lot of fun with it. When we have a 3D etched, we created 3D etched with technical feel and the beauty of the digital aesthetics. And at the end, it is a beautiful piece being a pure, simple, polycarbonate deco. I mean, that is how much you can achieve just simply by using the material. Then we have wood in our car, black ash. Then we have wood in our car, black ash. It was designed because we wanted to use the wood in a car in a non-traditional way. So, it gives not only, I mean, this cool and avant-garde look in the car, it also helps us to actually save and use more of the veneer, so that we can use it in our cars. So, that we can use it in our cars. So, that we can use it in our cars. So, we can reduce scrap and be much more sustainable using the wood. Polestar 2 will come in six exterior colors. We have midnight, we have magnesium, snow, thunder, moon, and void. We have midnight, we have magnesium, snow, thunder, moon, and void. And of course, Polestar 2 will come with or without performance pack. And in the performance pack, sorry, you will find the Erlin's chassis technology, the Polestar golden seat belts, and the Brembo brake calipers. Now, together with our head of design, Maximilian Missoni, we produced and created a video about the Polestar 2, which I would really love to show you now. Polestar 2 is not just an electric car. Polestar 2 is a new icon of electric mobility. A confident creature playing to its own rules. Bold graphics, clear-cut architecture, sensual surfaces, and a powerful stance materialize in an uncompromising, pure, and progressive design which embodies the true DNA of Polestar. In its heart, the powerful 78 kilowatt-hour battery pack has been carefully optimized, creating both maximum interior space and a low center of gravity. This densely packed power plant provides up to 500 kilometers of range. Two powerful electric motors generate a combined 300 kilowatts of power and 660 Newton meters of torque. Our engineers designed the powertrain for precise, adjustable torque distribution, elevating your driving experience and positioning Polestar 2 as a true electric performance car. The pixel LED headlamps are not only beautiful to look at, but also contain some of the most advanced lighting technology on the market. We created a stunning crystal light blade incorporating 280 power LEDs, an iconic rear signature which welcomes you with a carefully choreographed illumination sequence unique to the Polestar brand. When you approach, Polestar 2 recognizes you through your phone and unlocks as soon as you grab the door handle. The interior, called Polestar 2, combines stunning simplicity with the intricacy of beautifully crafted details and materials. Polestar 2 expresses the ultimate blend of a high-tech user experience and the sensual joy of a true premium product. Finding your destination or interacting with your car has never been easier than using Polestar 2's natural speech recognition. We teamed up with Google to give you the most seamless integration of your digital life. At Polestar, we believe in a curated customer experience. We have carefully composed every combination of exterior and interior colors and materials to reflect the highest standards of taste and craftsmanship. We take great pride in having created vegan interiors and have done so taking inspiration from the latest in fashion and high-tech sportswear. In addition to our mindset to be responsible with every decision we take, we are also serious about having fun. We have reinvented your experience from the day you first started. You order your car, your commute to work or your personal adventures to make your life hassle-free and above all, to make you love every single mile of your journey in the Polestar 2. Oh yes, which of course includes五 annual family이에 as well, 3 billion best-selling movies. The bestه All in all Polestar 2 is engaged in technology, It's not innovative. Basically, it's innovative by features, a lot of things, creativity, eating according to the degree oflk you have solved the most toothpaste or something. Polestar 2 will start from 39,900 euros. And at launch we will be offering our all-wheel drive 300kW car for 59,900. Which will include the beautiful Plus package that contains the panoramic glass roof, pixel LED headlights, the WeaveTech vegan seats and an awesome Harman Kardon premium sound. Polestar 2 will be available in China, in Canada, in California and in six countries in Europe. With production starting from 30,000 euros. And from February next year. The configurator will be available right after this show. So you can choose your favorite Polestar 2 and place your reservation starting today. With the presentation of our Polestar 2 to you today, we have deliberately not followed a top-down strategy. So we rather decided to do something different. After defining the top, the pinnacle of our brand with the beautiful Polestar 1 GT, we followed up today with a Polestar 2, an electric car that defines the foundation of our brand. Why? The bus around the Tesla Model 3 showed where electric mobility is relevant for society today. And with Polestar 2, we bring an exciting premium electric car that will broaden the choice and offer in exactly this segment. And we truly hope that we will contribute with this to the success of sustainable electric mobility. And we will be proud of our new Polestar 2. Now, making this powerful and beautiful design that we fell in love with three years ago come alive. That was really demanding. But, on the other hand, it was a fulfilling journey. Whilst retaining this original iconic design, we developed meaningful hardware and software to make Polestar 2 a car so distinctive, so personal, and so innovative, it will electrify your drive. This improved version of the Polestar 2 2.2 seems to benten naturallyoman-like. In 절대ad identification industry. It will directory the weight and vegetables first thing well. So, to define thepara through multiple models and subject files, and by the Reports window, now he can validify licence sites for and other constructions as a part of it. Ok. Let's go! Ok. about the car. Annika from our brand and marketing team. And Sophie. And Kiwi. Yeah, all the great members of our team. Now, we are going to take the Polestar 2 on a global roadshow throughout the coming year, starting next week. It will travel through the three major regions. And we hope that you will meet us there, come and stay connected to our brand, follow us throughout the journey that we still have a long way into the future with our great Polestar brand. Please, if you have a chance, come to Geneva. This is the station where this car is now going. So, great having you here today online. Thank you for joining and I hope you had a good time. Bye-bye. My love has come along. My lonely days are over. Life is like a song. At last. The skies are full of blue And here we are in heaven For you are mine at last For you are mine at last