 There are some things in life we're compelled to do. Which is why we made the new Cayenne GTS. Built by people with a passion for racing. For people with a passion for sport. For people with a passion for racing. The new Cayenne GTS is purpose-built for the road. From its elegantly streamlined exterior design to its phenomenal engine performance. The front and rear sections have been aerodynamically refined. Large air intakes ensure optimum cooling. Its style is enhanced with a range of special features. The new Cayenne GTS is a car that is not only a car, but also a car with a special standard features. Including color-coded lower moldings at the front, side and rear. A monochrome, black exterior package and 21-inch Cayenne sport wheels. A larger roost boiler with fixed bi-plane wing profiles is available as a no-cost option. Design and acoustics are both enhanced by the standard sports exhaust system with chrome-plated dual tube tail основ. dual tube tailpipes, enriching a powerful engine sound. The new Cayenne GTS has an upgraded 4.8 liter naturally aspirated V8 engine. The air intake system has been specially modified combining increased performance with maximum efficiency. The results 298 kilowatts 405 brake horsepower at 6500 rpm plus maximum torque of 500 newton meters at 3500 rpm. The new Cayenne GTS has been specially modified combining increased performance with maximum efficiency. Push the standard sport button and the engine becomes even more responsive. Porsche Active Suspension Management, PASM, is also adapted for optimum road performance. Thanks to VarioCam Plus and direct fuel injection, the engine is not only extremely powerful, it is also extremely efficient. Drive is transmitted through a sports style six-speed manual gearbox. A shorter final drive enables faster acceleration. The new Cayenne GTS requires just 6.1 seconds to reach 62 miles per hour, 100 kilometers per hour. Maximum speed is 100 kilometers per hour. The new Cayenne GTS is 157 miles per hour, 253 kilometers per hour. The chassis is designed to apply that power with optimum precision and efficiency. The suspension is lowered by 24 millimeters for a more stable and agile ride. The 21-inch Cayenne sport wheels provide accuracy when steering and stability. When cornering at speed. Another special standard feature on the new Cayenne GTS is Porsche Active Suspension Management, PASM, combined with steel spring suspension. The benefits are lighter weight and a perfect road setup, whatever the road conditions. The optional air suspension can also be augmented with Porsche Dynamic Chassis Control, PDCC, an active anti-roll system. Significantly reducing lateral body movement, it greatly enhances cornering control. Drive is distributed through an intelligent all-wheel drive system featuring Porsche Traction Management, PTM. The air suspension is also integrated with Porsche Traction Management, PTM. Equally important are the car's active and passive safety features. Standard equipment includes full-size front airbags for the driver and front passenger. The side impact protection system includes front Thorax airbags as well as curtain head airbags covering both rows of seats. A four-엔ye trench in-f lineup offering a range of knee-deep tonight in五线 fold allows your passenger to carry more finance and it should todoios about 100 people in three-買一 Porsche stability management PSM and a powerful braking system also contribute to exceptional active safety. The brake calibers have a red paint finish. The interior shares the same sporting style in every feature and detail. The steering wheel is specially upholstered for optimum grip. The new Cayenne GTS is exclusively equipped with sport seats front and rear. They offer excellent lateral support however you like to drive as well as exceptional comfort. The seat centers, roof lining and a range of other surfaces are finished in Alcantara. Our racing heritage is also reflected in the aluminum interior trim. The new Cayenne GTS is a premium version of the Cayenne GTS. Follow your desire like we followed ours when we originally conceived this idea. Going closer to the limit. Closer to our roots. Even closer to the racing line. Streetwise. The new Cayenne GTS. The Cayenne GTS. The Cayenne GTS.