 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you And I'm clapping for all of you. Hey, what do you think about this place, huh? Yeah, it's pretty cool. Well, hey, good evening. Welcome to Fantasyland. No, welcome to a great opportunity for us to be together. I've been talking a little bit about Rav. Tonight we get to talk about Corolla. But I also want to welcome you on livestream who are joining us. Welcome in. It's a great time. I've been talking a little bit about Rav. We've got a bunch of winery and got the barrels all around us and a couple of great surprises behind us. But we're here in Carmel, California. Before we get started, you know, this happens to be we are in a place between two of the most devastating fires that the state's ever seen. Pretty tough on the whole community. So I just wanted to take a moment to recognize all of the first responders here and across the country for all that you do to help people and communities to recover from these and similar natural disasters. And I would just appreciate it if all of you would help me in joining those online who are there to say thank you. Well, now with that said, and thank you for that, I have got some really positive news that I want to share with you. Now, we're here for the reveal of the world's most popular vehicle. It's pretty cool. I'll let that sink in. The most popular car in the world is right here. And Corolla was introduced more than 50 years ago. And we have sold more than 46 million Corollas around the globe. That's pretty outstanding. And to all of you on live stream, I hope you're sitting down because we're ready to knock your socks off. So you ready? Have some fun? Because today is truly unique. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. And to all of you in the room, and out there on the interwebs, you are the first people right now in North America to get your eyes on the all-new 2020 Toyota Corolla. Ready? Yeah, not yet. Come on! It's not that easy. I love all the cameras that went up, but stick with me. But I do have your attention now, don't I? Now, before I give you a first look, I want to share that this is actually, the second new Corolla that we've introduced this year. The first was the Corolla Hatchback, and our owners are loving it. Now, in case you missed it, here's a quick look at the hot new Corolla Hatch. Now, guests are liking its sporty looks. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great driving dynamics, and even the fact that you can get it with a six-speed manual transmission. That didn't used to be such a big deal before, right? But how many of us even remember manual transmissions? Well, you do! But it's fun to have that back out there, and there's just not that many offering them anymore. But you can get one in a Corolla. And just like we made Corolla Hatchback greater than ever, we're doing the same with the all-new Corolla sedan. But before we unveil this car, I want to share some important facts and features that you're not going to see when we pull back the silks. And they're all focused on safety. The new Corolla comes standard with second-generation Toyota Safety Sense, or TSS. Okay, I know. We talk about safety a lot. Why? Because it's paramount to every single vehicle we sell. But what does that mean? It means that every new Corolla has key features that optimize driver safety, like dynamic radar cruise control. How about lane departure alert with steering assist, and lane tracing assist? The pre-collision system with pedestrian detection for day and low light conditions. You know, the system can also detect bicyclists in daytime. And get this, this car will detect road signs, and even auto high beams. And that's standard on every model. So, who says you can't have it all? Well, maybe, I guess our competitors do. And we're just getting started. I've kept you waiting long enough. Paul, I'm not messing with you this time. I'm ready to let this new Corolla speak for itself. Ladies and gentlemen, the all-new 2020 Toyota Corolla. Looks like the new Toyota Corolla is Gym plastics. Will be released on the E magazines, and you can get your chance into a hablative mode. You could even get a car in the lamp primary, as that's us at Nissan Steelers. But there's no Bitcoin. I double check MIT robot cars for real. Get the Protection Красная. Get our Facility A. All right, so thank you for that. And I'll tell you, we're going to give you some more time to get some great shots with me not in your way. And I hope you online can see these. These are two beauties. And I want to have you come with us. I want to show you what we've been working with. Because we've crafted these Corollas really truly from the ground up. The new TNGA platform allows our guests to feel the emotion that our talented engineers envision for this car by providing improved handling and outstanding driving dynamics. Plus, surprisingly impressive power. Let's start here. Our guests will have the option of a 1.8 liter engine here. Or a 169 horsepower 2 liter engine in the SE model that gets an estimated 40 miles per gallon. On the highway. In other words, this new model is greater than any Corolla ever. And with a new sporty front fascia. Featuring a honeycomb mesh grille. Standard LED headlamps and tail lamps. And sleek and sporty exterior styling. It's that styling that matches our commitment to fun driving. Which is why we'll be keeping the manual transmission alive in our sedans too. We will offer a 6 speed manual on our SE grade. Which comes with our intelligent manual transmission that offers downshift rev matching for a smooth shifting experience. So, how much more could you ask for? Well, you should ask for a next level interior to match. So that's what we've done. Now we know that technology is mission critical, right? I mean it just is. So we've upgraded. The instrument panel features a class leading available system. The instrument panel features a class leading available system. The instrument panel features a class leading available 8 inch touch screen display. And we've added Entune 3.0. Now this suite of services includes Apple CarPlay and Amazon Alexa. Both of which comes standard unlike some of Corolla's competitors. We also have an available premium JBL audio system featuring 9 speakers with 800 watts. Yeah, that's the same system that we use in the Camry. And you know what? Even my kids will tell you. It's amazing. amazing. And Corolla also includes available remote connectivity. So how about starting your car with your smartwatch? Pretty cool. Well, that's almost as great as standard Wi-Fi. Now when you get behind the wheel, you'll see the simple and spacious cabin and sink into the available sport seats with power driver lumbar and heated seat controls. Now in this Corolla, here's the deal. You don't have to trade comfort for utility or personality for performance or adventure for affordability. You can have it all and you can have it coming next March to your nearest Toyota dealer. Now we're also excited to share that this Corolla will be built at three plants. First is our Takaoka plant in Japan. Second is our Blue Springs plant in Mississippi. As well as our upcoming joint venture in Huntsville, Alabama. So I just want to take a moment, a quick shout out to our team members from those areas who are tuning in tonight. And while I'm all fired up, I might as well share another secret with you. For the first time in Corolla's U.S. history, we're introducing a hybrid model. Yeah, and if you want to be the first to see it, well tune in to the Los Angeles Auto Show on November the 28th. So for that, I want to thank everyone there on livestream. Thank you very much for tuning in. Hope you've had a good time. I also want to thank you all here for being with Carmel with us. It's a great time to be with you. We'll see you all in L.A. Thank you, let's have a great night. If you want to grab some pictures, let's get it on. Thanks everybody. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . you you you