 What is momentum? We all like to go fast. But for Kia, momentum is not about crossing the finish line. It's about staying in motion once you've reached it. It's about moving ahead with purpose, under the banner of movement that inspires. It's about delivering a steady cadence of products that our customers want. The right products exactly when they need them. It's about moving people forward in any stage of life. For us, momentum is not a means to an end. It's a state of being. Today, our momentum continues. Please welcome Vice President of Sales Operations, Kia America, Eric Watson. Welcome, everyone. We're excited to be here with you today to celebrate Kia's continued momentum and share three new vehicles that will help build upon it. In an industry where uncertainty has caused hesitation, Kia moves forward with confidence. Staying true to a strategy that balances cutting-edge EVs with world-class ICE vehicles,. A wide selection of sedans, SUVs, and utility vehicles all wrapped in bold design, packed with advanced technology, and delivered at unbeatable value. This has been our recipe for growth, as Kia outfit's with you today. recipe for growth as Kia continues to break sales records month after month. We kicked off 2025 with our best ever first quarter sales, more than 10% ahead of last year's all-time record pace. Q1 featured historic performances across our entire lineup, including our hybrid, plug-in hybrid, and EV models collectively jumping a whopping 22%. Sedan sales were up dramatically and helped as the all-new Kia K4 delivered its best ever compact car monthly sales result in March. In fact, K4 sales have risen each month since going on sale last August. Underpinning this progress is a growing brand reputation for setting the benchmark for quality, innovation, and value, evidenced by an ever-expanding trophy case of awards and accolades, some of which Kia wins year after year. Such as Telluride, with six consecutive Car and Driver 10 Best Awards, one of only a handful of vehicles to accomplish this feat for every year it's been on sale. And as evidence that good things really do come in threes, we're excited to announce that the Kia EV3 was named a finalist in three World Car of the Year categories and one World Car of the Year. That was fantastic. Thank you. The EV3 is part of our plan for accelerating the rate of EV adoption with attractive and attainable electric vehicles. It's on sale now in other markets around the world and will soon make its way to the U.S. Our successes reaffirm that Kia is delivering a range of vehicle choices that people want. And with that in mind, let me show you what's coming next, starting with a new choice for Kia EV9 customers. As our most awarded EV3, we're going to be introducing a new model of EV3, which is the EV3 EV3. The EV3 is the most awarded EV. The EV9 wins over customers with stunning design, standard three-row seating, advanced technology, up to 304 miles of all-electric range, ultra-fast charging, and a standard max charge port. And now we're elevating the nameplate further with a new Kia EV9 Nightfall Edition. KiaLord EV saves you from the has been a hit with customers who love that sleek, stealthy, blacked-out package on our top-of-the-line trims. Now, for the first time, Nightfall comes to our EV lineup as an available upgrade to the EV9 Land Trim. It's fully decked out in gloss black details, including the grill, skid plates, lower door sill accents, roof rails, and other exterior elements. Not to mention the exclusive gloss black 20-inch wheels with dark Kia emblems. The sleek vibe carries throughout the interior with an exclusive black color scheme and seating upholstery patterns featuring genuine stitching. But wait, there's more. Nightfall is no longer just for looks. The EV9 Nightfall Edition gets a standard torque boost, a hefty 73 pound-feet, to make our most powerful SUV even more fun to drive, leaping from zero to 60 in just four points. The EV9 Nightfall Edition will arrive at dealerships this quarter. While working to make EV vehicles more exclusive like the EV9, Kia is also committed to building attainable vehicle choices for all. And one area that is growing increasingly important, it's small cars. While many of our competitors have shied away from compact sedans, they are a strength for Kia. Since 2018, our market share has, more than doubled. And as one of the few cars in the industry starting under $22,000, the K4 has raised the bar with larger dimensions, elevated levels of refinement, performance, and advanced technology. Now we're striking while the iron is hot to offer another choice for K4 customers. Last year, right here in New York, we gave you a sneak peek of a bold, sporty version of K4. And just one year later, we're back with the production version. Here's the K4. The K4 is a new, new, new car. It's a new, new, new car. It's a new, new, new car. Here it is, the all-new Kia K4 hatchback. Open up to new challenges. To personal expression. To exciting adventures. To a versatile hatchback with available turbocharged engines. With a full-size range power. Designed to keep up with your active lifestyle. And open up new possibilities for you. The all-new Kia K4 Hatchback. Please welcome Executive Director of Product Planning, Kia North America, Urs Hedrick. Thank you. Good morning, everybody. The Hatchback is K4's flagship, and we're going to take a quick look at the K4 K4 Hatchback. It's a truly beautiful car. The hatchback is made of carbon fiber and is made from K4's high-tech, high-tech steel, steel, and carbon fiber. The hatchback is K4's athletic, versatile sibling, created for people who are always on the go. Inspired by the striking design of the sedan, the K4 hatchback carves out its own athletic identity. The vertical LED headlights and taillights take a cue from the EV9 and give the K4 hatchback an unmistakable presence on the road. The hidden rear door handles concealed in the C-pillar, combined with the wide rear quarter panels, and also the short overhang, contribute to a clean, muscular appearance. The floating roof design seamlessly integrates into the rear hatch, resulting in a sleek, modern profile that stands out from everything else in the crowd. And if that's not enough to catch your eye, check out this sparkling yellow. It's a new exterior color exclusive to the hatchback. Now, one of the greatest advantages of hatchback body style is versatility. The K4 hatchback is almost 11 inches shorter than the sedan, yet it offers class-leading rear headroom and legroom, plus even more cargo space. With the seats up, you can pack more than 22 cubic feet of gear in here. With the seats down, the cargo space is even more spacious. The cargo increases to more than 59 cubic feet. It's large enough to enable all of your adventures, and also short enough for effortless city parking. Plus, that versatility comes at no compromise to driving fun. Now, under the hood, we have two new exciting powertrains. For those who prioritize efficiency, the standard 2-liter engine delivers 147 horsepower and 132 pound-feet. But, the R12 in this model delivers måste 200 hp, just over 90 kph. The AXE is attacks the winner 8 littleury pure of 8-speed of torque. This is through an intelligent, variable transmission. Now, for those who want to take their driving experience to the next level, the GTLine circle model is available with a 1.6 liter turbocharged engine that cranks out 190 horsepower and 195 pound-feet of torque. Now, this one's paired with an 8-speed automatic transmission. 1.6L turbocharged engine that cranks out 190 horsepower and 195 pound-feet of torque. hatchback delivers agile, precise, responsive handling for a more engaging drive. On top of that, the K4 hatchback shares a comprehensive collection of advanced technologies with its sedan sibling, including a panoramic digital display, connected car navigation cockpit, along with 16 standard and up to 29 total ADAS technologies. Design, versatility, power, precision, and technology. It's all in one complete package. That's the Kia K4 hatchback. Look for it later this year. Now, let's turn our attention to something completely new. Kia's first ever dedicated EV sedan. It's all about helping a wider audience of customers find their way to a practical, affordable, right-sized EV that only meets their needs, but it looks great while doing it. Introducing the all-new Kia K4 hatchback. Kia EV4. Choosing your first electric vehicle can be a daunting challenge, with uncertainties fogging the road ahead. Allow us to light the way with standout styling, technology designed to serve real-world needs, and proven EV performance and capability. Introducing the all-new Kia EV4. Please welcome Senior Chief Designer, Kia Design Center America, Tom Kearns. Thank you. Good morning. Today, we are proud to introduce the next step in Kia's electrification journey, and our opposites united, Design Evolution, the all-new Kia EV4. Now, for the design team, the EV4 presented an exciting challenge and a great opportunity to show how we do things differently. You may have noticed that from a design perspective, many EVs take the path of least resistance, literally. They prioritize aerodynamic efficiency, and are often at the expense of making a unique design statement. So we wanted the EV4 to stand out from the pack, and we know that's what our new generation of EV buyers wants as well. They're proud of their decision to go electric, and want their vehicle to complement their forward-thinking attitude. Another thing many EVs have in common is the pricing that leans more towards the higher-end. But our ultimate goal is to make electrified driving attainable for everyone. So with the EV4, we made it our mission to deliver an EV sedan without compromise. Efficient with a distinctive and tech-forward design, and attainable, yet packed with many of the advanced features and technologies found in our more premium vehicles. And it really starts right up front. The EV4 is the most powerful of all EVs, and it captures the same visual DNA as our top-of-the-line EV6 and EV9. The vertical headlights, the star-mapped lighting, and an evolved tiger face. All Kia signatures that contribute to a confident, futuristic presence. Available small cube LED headlights with dynamic welcome lights are exciting upgrades that are unique to this segment. The anniversary style, the Meer goosey-borne Karere, and the usableatic warming lessü** Ara Escamy interior. bew phenomenon lights, добавvez Theorsa Carrera Digital Будんで autism Discovery S Dur Rab profile and give it an unmistakable sporty stance. Both the standard 17-inch aero wheels and the 19-inch spoke-type wheels on the GT line lend the vehicle a sure-footed appearance. And the rear-end design echoes the aesthetic of the front with sleek tail lights and a two-piece spoiler that emphasizes width. Even with its distinct character, EV4 still achieves an ultra low drag coefficient with airflow enhanced by full underbody covers. At 0.23 coefficient of drag, EV4 scores even better than sports cars like the 2025 Porsche 911 GTS and the BMW M4. Opposites United really comes into life on the inside as we surround occupants with contrast and form, color, and material. The layout is very unique and unique in the way that it is designed. The interior is a little bit more centered around a sleek free-floating interface with a nearly 30-inch combined wide screen display and an airy cabin designed to evoke a sense of openness. Functionality? The interior is all about simplicity and ease of use for anyone who's making the switch from gas to electric. And it's filled with features you'd come to expect like heated seats and steering wheel, and there's plenty of room for both passengers and cargo. And to top it off, you can set the mood with available 64 color dynamic ambient lighting. All of that at a reasonable price point for customers who have been waiting for the right vehicle to make the switch to EVs. And now to tell you more about the technology inside EV4, please help me welcome Vice President Marketing, Russell Walker. Thanks, Tom. The Kia EV4 is a vehicle with a mission to strengthen our electrified vehicle portfolio and encourage widespread EV adoption. To do that, it must deliver attainable performance, efficiency, and technology that works effortlessly for the driver, and that's what we're here for. Our solution starts with the proven 400-volt E-GMP platform and a front-mounted 150-kilowatt motor. There are two battery options, one aimed at daily commuters and one for the road trippers delivering up to a Kia estimated 330 miles of all-electric range. When it's time to power up, DC Fast Charging gets you, from 10 to 80 percent state of charge in as little as 29 minutes on the light trim, via the standard Naxx charging port on the front fender. On the road, the EV4 balances agility and comfort with a well-tuned chassis, precise steering, and advanced regenerative braking with our I-PEDAL 3.0 system. I-PEDAL 3.0 allows you to speed up, slow down, or even come to speed. And that's all you need to know about the Kia EV4. If you're interested in the EV4, please visit the website at www.e-car.com. The Kia EV4 is built into a complete stop, all just using the accelerator pedal. It also captures energy that would normally be lost when braking, helping to maximize efficiency. And now, i-PEDAL 3.0 works in reverse. It also remembers your last i-PEDAL setting, so you don't have to reset it every time you start the vehicle. As with other Kia EV models, EV4 doesn't just take you places, it's your on-the-road air-cooled vehicle with the latest features and advanced engine system. It also has a powerful 4-speed automatic transmission with a single-decker automatic transmission. The Kia EV4 is an all-wheel drive car, but it's also equipped with a 5-speed automatic transmission, which means you can easily operate the car from any position on the road, It's your on-the-go power source. A vehicle, available vehicle to load functionality allows drivers to power devices, whether it's a laptop, camping equipment, or smaller electronics. On the road, the EV4 is designed to make every drive more connected, convenient, and enjoyable. Thanks to several Kia signature technologies, customers have come to expect from us, including effortless vehicle access with available Digital Key 2.0, a nearly 30-inch total combined widescreen display that puts everything at your fingertips. Over-the-air updates to keep your vehicle technology fresh, our next-generation connected car navigation cockpit with standard wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, as well as the Kia AI Assistant, that can do numerous things to make your life easier, such as suggestion where we all should go to dinner tonight, and a whole lot more. Last, but never least, like every Kia, EV4 features a suite of advanced driver assistance systems, including 17 standard and up to 24 total technologies. The all-new Kia EV4 is our next step toward making sustainable mobility more accessible, practical, and exciting for a new generation of drivers. Look for it in Kia dealerships early next year. Today, you've seen the evidence. Kia is there for customers with the choices they want and the features they need, all while delivering incredible value. And there's so much more to come. Now, I'd like to ask our Chief Operating Officer and EVP, Steve Senter, as well as Tom, Eric, and Orth, to join me back on the road. We'll be back on stage for a few photos, then we'll invite you up for a closer look. Thank you for being with us today. Have a great rest of your day at the show. Thank you.