 We've always been inspired by the magnificence and mystery of space. A place of endless possibilities, untold wonders. It lies beyond an ethereal boundary, the Karman Line. The line where our world ends and outer space begins. Where the blue of the sky fades into the inky blackness of space. Where darkness itself becomes visible. This is the enigmatic phenomenon we wanted to capture in our new private collection. Black Badge Kalinen Blue Shadow. A bespoke creation which effortlessly transports its passengers to the edge of space. The artwork on the fascia recreates the gradual shift from blue sky into the depths of outer space. Our skilled artisans meticulously hand-applied six different paint hues to produce a mesmerizing 3D effect. Overhead there is a magical celestial display. The captivating Starlight Headliner is further embellished with an intricate embroidery design. Quarter of a million stitches recreate the moon's surface with its multitude of rocks and craters. It nestles within more than a thousand twinkling stars which fill the cabin with a gentle glow creating a sense of awe and wonder. Beneath the stars, the intricate perforated patterns on the leather seats represent Earth as viewed from space. The design replicates the swirling shapes of vast clouds seen floating high above the oceans and continents. It's created by meticulously hand-placing over 75,000 tiny perforations on each of the four leather seats. An entirely new bespoke technique. With Blue Shadow we've been on our own voyage of discovery and created features never seen on a Rolls-Royce motorcar before. Blue Shadow is a testament to our relentless pursuit of perfection. Blue Shadow is a testament to our relentless pursuit of perfection. Blue Shadow is a testament to our relentless pursuit of perfection. A celebration of the human spirit and its endless potential. And a reminder that the sky is no longer the limit. The Karman Line is 62 miles away from Earth. Which is why we've limited this collection to just 62 beautiful cars. Designed for extraordinary people who push boundaries, redefine possibilities. People who go further. Explore the unknown. And discover what lies beyond the horizon. And discover what lies beyond the horizon. People who, like us, believe anything is possible. And discover what lies beyond the horizon. Thank you.