 Pull to the front3иц Herre gurde, ja! Ja, ser gut! We are determined to make all the right moves to achieve this goal. And despite the current economic situation, we are willing and able to make investments. Next to the current economic crisis, we have a number of... It's really an honor to be here. And it's been both an honor and a pleasure to work with Daimler over the past 18 months on our collaboration on the SMART project. And now it's really fantastic that Daimler has chosen to invest in Tesla and also look at expanding the strategic cooperation in other areas. Thank you. Alan, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, from... We are about to combine the best of both old and new school. You are all aware of our strategy towards sustainable mobility, including its three pillars. The consequent optimization of our high-tech combustion engines. Second, the further efficiency increase via hybridization. And finally, emission-free driving with electric drives as our third pillar. And this is exactly what we are talking about today. And we have to keep up with the We started the strategic partnership with Tesla. And it's about... It's about... It's about 10% share in Tesla. Because we are deeply convinced that the spirit of these companies fits perfectly together. The old industry with a lot of experience, with all these quality activities, we needed in the past to bring top-quality products to the market in combination with these fast-growing, flexible, speedy companies out of California that will help us. And that's what we need. We have decided that together with Tesla, we are able to bring the smart eDrive with lithium-ion battery technology to the market starting end of this year. That's a statement. And the next statement is that we will go into a small volume of about 1,000 smarts that will bridge the gap between the new technology and the old technology. And that's what we need. And we are very happy to be here. And we are very happy to be here. And we are very happy to be here. And we are very happy to be here. And we are very happy to be here. We will reach the timeframe we need to bring our own lithium based battery concept to the market. And therefore I believe the customer now can expect to have a smart available with eDrive, with a top battery pack onboard, based on this Tesla concept. This is a great partnership because it is really mutually beneficial. You have Tesla, which has expertise in battery electric transportation, battery electric technology, and then you've got Daimler, which has a tremendous experience in vehicle engineering, high production, quality, safety, all the things that constitute the rest of the automotive equation. We've been working together for 18 months on the electric smart. So the two companies have already a strong working relationship. We're not, this isn't, as long as we're just starting out on the relationship, we've been working together already for a year and a half. There's a great deal of mutual respect for one organization to the other. That's why Daimler was interested in investing. It's why we wanted to take an investment from Daimler. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Ok, ja. Ok, ja.