 My name is Raquel Tavares and I'm the founder of 4th & Heart. In order to relax and stay focused during my days I will always do yoga of course, listen to music and if traffic permits I will definitely go on a long drive. The coast represents childhood to me. I was born and raised in Brazil so it always reminds me of being a little girl running on the beach and it just provides an overall connection to where I'm from. The environment is very important to me and to my company. All of the you know excessive carbon emissions I feel like it's our responsibility to make a difference where we can. Having a Porsche Cayenne as a family vehicle is fortuitous. I'm so excited to be driving a Porsche Cayenne. I'm so excited to be driving a Porsche Cayenne. I'm so excited to be driving a Porsche Cayenne. I'm so excited to be driving a Porsche Cayenne. I'm so excited to be driving a Porsche Cayenne. And also the sportiness, the torque, you know in your monotonous days can make you feel alive. I think that the new Porsche would fit lovely into my lifestyle because I can officially now downsize. My children are grown and I love that it's electric. It is incredible to think that you can actually get a luxury vehicle and also be contributing to improving the carbon footprint. You can't even hear the engine but it was incredible to feel that acceleration. I mean the car is hot. It's a hot car. It's amazing to think that this vehicle has over 260 miles of charge. This way I'm not gonna have to pull over when I go visit my mother in San Francisco. I love Abbot Kinney because it's very representative of Los Angeles and it's just a fantastic place to go to work every day. I would say what sums up my LA story is dispelling that myth that Los Angeles is full of super superficial people. I feel like actually the opposite. It's actually a lot of creative people, a lot of rags to riches stories which I love and it allowed me to be inspired enough to create my own company. Amazing, incredible people along the way so I would say it's great fortune and a lot of fun. I loved that car. It was fantastic. I felt like it felt like butter. It just drove so well. It's a lovely car.