 It's dynamic, expressive and luxurious. A brand shaper. The heart of BMW. Sheer driving pleasure, I tell you. The DNA of the BMW brand. Be inspired by cutting edge design, unbeatable dynamics and a rich heritage. The new 4. Ladies and gentlemen, hello and welcome to BMW. The 4, the all new BMW 4 Series Coupe. It symbolizes the essence of a modern and highly emotional coupe in the very core of BMW. An everyday dream car. The 4 references to our heritage and yet presents a progressive and confident interpretation of the iconic design elements of its predecessors. The 4 references to our heritage and yet presents a progressive and confident interpretation of the iconic design elements of its predecessors. Meaning cars like the BMW 3.0 CSi or the BMW 328. These coupés have played a major role in BMW's history. Both in contributing to the brand's image and to our design language. From now on, the number 4 will stand for an even more self-confident and expressive series of products. All models will show a complete differentiation to the current 3 Series as we believe in the different individual characters, of our customers. While the second generation 4 Series models keep their focus on exactly this objective, they will emerge with a new, exciting and very distinctive appearance. The front end of the 4 is a clear statement on the road. The prominent vertical kidney and the twin iconic headlights create a daring and confident identity. The 4 displays BMW's signature proportions and the same design elements. Under other words, a 3.0 ESše GT3i. The chassisasi lower caste 4 Series models are no less than that of the 4 model einziges from our predecessor. Many boast subliminal Datehorses. All are de facto bold treballables and one particular thing, as is the features of the contrast and color . The 2 nozzles and 2 inter matched, create a 1946 enfrent from the BMW 3 Series. There is no broken bend, and the 5 inch Latex seats and 3D ch apartments, on the different wing 약ing Pulls, strong rear fenders and provides the rear with a very exotic and sporty aesthetic. The slim and sculpted L-shaped tail lights emerge from the side and emphasize the powerful shoulder even more. The dominant black diffuser underlines the sporty and expressive character of the four. The interior presents a modern and yet dynamic appearance. All control elements and displays have a strict focus on driving. And of course, the interior offers our customer a high level of luxury. Ladies and gentlemen, dynamic, expressive and luxurious, the 4 embodies all design values of the BMW brand. A true brand shaper. Stay tuned for more BMW 4 Series insights and now over to Peter Noter. Thank you. Welcome to the BMW Group Classic. Coupés have always played an extremely important role at BMW. They are dream cars and brand shapers. They are dream cars and brand shapers. The BMW Group Classic is a racing car that is the most important car for the BMW Group Classic. It is a great car for the BMW Group Classic. It is a great car for the BMW Group Classic. When I was a boy, I was madly in love with this car, the BMW 3.0 CS. And the new BMW 4 Series Coupe brings back all of those feelings. It's pure joy to look at and to drive. It embodies the very essence of the BMW brand. The 4 is a forward-looking interpretation of BMW's enduring DNA. It gives you a good idea of how we want to combine the very latest in technology with a very strong and evocative design at BMW in the near future. The 4 also provides the basis for the all-electric i4, which will go into production in 2021. The second generation of the BMW 4 Series stands for even more aesthetics and dynamics than the first and distinguishes itself even more. Clearly from its sibling, the very successful BMW 3 Series. This highly emotional Coupe is set to delight customers who desire progressive design combined with advanced driving performance. It's a true BMW, a pure driving machine that sets the benchmark in its segment. And for the first time, we will offer an M Performance model in the 4 Series. The M 440i S. The M 440i X. The M 440i X. The M 440i X. The M 440i X. The M 440i X. The M 440i X. The M 440i X. Our head of development, Klaus Freulich, has been doing just that. He took it out for a spin on the track recently. And now you'll hear firsthand from Klaus, all about the superb driving dynamics of the 4 Series Coupe. We took the already extremely sporty 3-Series and added another injection of sharpness to make the new 4-Series even more dynamic. Let's have a look. For me, the 4-Series is a very important car. It's the essence of BMW. And now we will see how it performs. Let's rock. Steering has to be precise and the steering forces have to be quite low so that it's easy to handle. And of course, very performing brakes is key. And here you see a little bit of oversteer. Oversteering wonderful. That's what I like. And also, the car is very forgiving. For example, here, if you do not find the corner exactly at the beginning, it's so easy to correct. And also, a good harmony between the chassis and the powertrain. The transmission gives you always the gear you need to perform out of the corners. And this stiff body gives the suspension the ability to be very crisp, very precise. Also braking very precise. Good pedal feel. And you steer the car through the corners not only with the steering wheel but also with the throttle. Very defined. Very good. And sheer driving pleasure. I tell you. For me, the 4 Series is the heart of BMW. A very precise, compact coupe with amazing dimensions. When you look at the already very sporty 3 Series, we have made the car nearly 6 centimeters. And it's very, very good. It's very, very good. The chassis is lower. We have lowered the center of gravity, which helps a lot in cornering. And track is wider by more than 2 centimeters. And of course, we have a specific tune of the suspension system. And of course, very performing tires. Because if you combine this chassis with this wonderful powertrain, 6-cylinder inline, typical BMW, 374 horsepower, 500 Newton meters. It's a very, very good car. Limited slip diff. And four-wheel drive, which is always, as you might see, a little bit of oversteering, what I really love. Very good. And this is my last test of the car, giving it to the customers and the press very soon. And I think now it's to the point. during the development phase, I always told my team, make it precise like a scalpel to drive and the team delivered. A lot of fun, a real ultimate driving machine, a true BMW. And you can drive it yourself from October. Thank you for joining the world premiere of the all-new BMW 4 Series Coupe. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.