 Dashing through Norway in the Taycan Turbo alongside ski racer Axel Lundsvindal. The creation of a Taycan from a very special perspective. Dr. Stefan Weckbach, vice president of the Taycan model line. On the performance of the 4S in ice and snow. The hairpin winding and extraordinary technology in detail. And milestones on the way to the first all-electric Porsche in 911 Magazine. There's nothing that I know more about than downhill. If I would take this kind of risk other places in my life, I would be a complete idiot. Because there's only one thing in life where I'm one of the best in the world. And that's downhill racing. World champion, it's not something you are. You're a world champion that day. And then you're world champion until the next race. Where you meet the best guys in the world. Growing up in Norway, you take maybe nature, a little bit for granted. Especially doing outside sport. My family would take me skiing when I was a child. And that's how I learned to ski. So you have all these experiences in nature. As you get a little bit older, I think you start to appreciate them more and more again. My first big injury was in 2007. We had a big crash in downhill in Colorado, Beaver Creek. That took me a long time to get back. The last few years I had a lot of injuries. The most important reason why I was able to make it back every time, was that I really wanted to. I made it work for a couple of years. Had some good races, but now it's time to retire. I like people and I like challenges. So I also invested in some startups. It's a lifestyle. It's not just a job. It's your company. It's your startup. You need to live and breathe this every day, every hour. You need to be able to do what you want to do. You need to be able to be the best you can be. Ski racing is about dynamics. The element is constantly changing. I'm used to performance as adapting to the elements. To me, the performance of a car is that you don't really have the exact same conditions the whole time. And when you drive a good car, you feel that performance in all kinds of situations. What I really think is cool about the Taycan is that looking at it, it's no doubt that it's a Porsche, so it really has that Porsche DNA, but it still is super modern. So it's like that blend of a look into the future, but keeping the same DNA that's been there since the 60s, really. You're looking towards the future. In focusing on this, I think you're also really taking care of your history. I'm a car guy. In being a car guy, then to me, Porsche is the ultimate brand. I'm a car guy. I'm a car guy. I'm a car guy. I'm a car guy. We're in the 4S in the ice because we're in the 4S in the ice and as easy as that. It was hard at first, but we had already transferred oursource in助 over the years, so we're bringing that over as well. Once my presets came out of the ice, it was Jose Dominguez, a car guy from phosphate activists, who has just realised that he let rims work, so I wanted to show that basically everybody think that starts out with a plastic advantage, and a sensational traction on snow and ice. The Taycan, whether 4S or Turbo or Turbo S on ice, is extremely impressive. We are extremely fast and precise when it comes to the E-Machine and suspension regulations. We can achieve this even though the ground is extremely slippery on the ice and snow surfaces. We still achieve extreme acceleration through the regulations. It is so impressive that people often underestimate it. They drive, accelerate, stop, get off and fall on their nose because it is so slippery. But this is not really experienced in a vehicle because the regulation systems capture it. Performance in the cold is an essential issue for electric vehicles. Like all lithium-ion batteries, the battery in the Taycan is not the extreme cold market. That is why we ensure that the battery reaches a reasonable operating temperature very quickly through our thermo management system. We can ensure that the vehicle also performs well in cold temperatures, which is what we and our customers expect from a Porsche. My favorite when I look at the Taycan is the front. Extremely flat, super wide, almost 2 meters wide. It looks extremely sporty, dominantly. A real sports car, and that is extremely well done. The Eger Lohner C2 Phaeton and the Taycan. Two cars that could hardly be more different. They are separated by more than 100 years, but the same heart beats in each one. An electric motor. Every electric motor has a stator mounted in the housing and a rotating rotor inside of it. One critical element is the copper wire that the internal coils are made of. These copper coils are normally wound using wire with a circular cross section. For the Taycan, Porsche optimized the design with the so-called hairpin winding. In this case, individual hairpin shaped pieces of copper are wound together. The copper wire with a rectangular cross section are packed tightly together in the stator. The open ends of the wires are twisted and welded together with laser technology. This makes optimal use of the available space. This principle enables a more compact electric motor that weighs less, is more efficient, and generates more torque and sustained power. The high copper fill factor enhances the power to weight ratio and enables more efficient cooling through improved heat dissipation. The hairpin winding is therefore a technology that makes the electric motor in the Taycan a typical Porsche. It is within the internal megzivir gain range and will have thrilled theest in design with liebe's redefined models and quite well其n Mario kinura Xp. My children no longer have this connection and are always sitting in the car with Lounge Control and 0 to 102,8 ppm. assets. have a huge joy, but don't miss the sound either.