 We're at the Driven Hall here today. You can see the latest and greatest as we talked about before. The latest Ram legends. We've just seen the Spec 5 Mustang. We've got the Terrapod experience. The latest from Jaguar, Honda, the incredible Civic Type R, Tesla. We've got electric vehicles. Don't forget throughout today you can take electric drive, electric vehicle test drives out in the action arena. But right in front of me we've got some incredible Ferraris. The GTO, the amazing 458 Speciale. But under the covers here is one of the greatest supercars New Zealand has ever seen. It is the LaFerrari Aperta. This is a car that celebrates the 70th anniversary of Ferrari. They're only going to make 209 in total and this is one of the first that have been made. It is the latest supercar from Ferrari and it has been brought to the race by the Ferrari Group. It has been brought to Big Boys Toys by the official charity partner of Big Boys Toys which is the Gut Cancer Foundation. Before we take the covers off I'm going to get Ruth Davey, the CEO of Gut Cancer Foundation to say a couple of quick words and then we're going to get to see this incredible supercar. So Ruth will say a few words, she'll hand back and we'll go from there. Put your hands together for Ruth Davey from the Gut Cancer Foundation. Thanks everyone. Thanks for coming. And the Gut Cancer Foundation Chairperson Greg Baker and the CEO of Gut Cancer Foundation, Ruth Davey. 10 years ago he was told he had stage 3 bowel cancer. Because of modern medicine and clinical research which we fund in New Zealand, he's alive today and we get to see this amazing car. It is an amazing charity that we, unfortunately, 5,250 people a year are diagnosed with a gut cancer. That's a digestive system where your food goes through from the stomach, from the top to the bottom, including the esophagus, the stomach, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver, the liver. the liver, the bowel, the pancreas, all better! And over half of these people diagnosed will die within 5 years. We've got a lot of work to do. We fund clinical research trials, amazing researchers. Keeping them in New Zealand, keeping New Zealanders up to date and also we raise awareness. Pancreatic Cancer Month this month, unfortunately is the leading cause of cancer death and is going to up more with the sugar diet that we have. Unfortunately, it's the leading cause of pizza death and going to actually go up more with the sugar diet that we have. And we've got a big job to do and that's one of the reasons for why we're doing this, the two reasons we've got a feminist Trek.ーK policymakers were only thinking if I came back home into the Netherlands because of CO12. processed our body for 30 seconds and everything in the New Zealand. So we need all your donations and help. So please come on board. We'd love to see you at the tent. We've got credit card machines. We've got notes. We've got coins. We take anything, but we don't take children. Okay? So from that account, just keep in touch with us. Gut Cancer. Google us and you'll find us. Thanks so much. Put your hands together one more time. The Gut Cancer Foundation. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I want to let you know we're going to have to get a bit of a round of applause and point out the covers off. A couple of specs on this car. Ferrari made the LaFerrari three years ago, and LaFerrari stands for E-Ferrari. It was the definitive Ferrari supercar. When they came up with this 70th anniversary, they wondered how they could top the LaFerrari. One suggestion was to take the top off it and turn it into a convertible. This is a 950 horsepower car. It has a hybrid engine. It goes from 0 to 100 in 3 seconds, ladies and gentlemen. So if you want to get around the Royal Oak roundabout or change lanes on the Auckland motorway, this is the car to do it in. It's got a 6.3 liter V12 delivery engine, and it has a, say, 950 horsepower powertrain. Enough from me. We're going to make some noise if you want to see the LaFerrari Aperta. Let's take a look. Let's take a look. The car that's on the car is a $10 million supercar, ladies and gentlemen. Let's hear it for the Royal Oak. Woo-hoo! This is a rare opportunity. We're going to get the turntable going. We're going to lift the wing doors shortly, and this is a chance to get photos. You're never going to get this close to a $10 million car again. It is a very limited edition car, so much so that even the Sultan of Brunei could not get one of these cars because he doesn't have enough money. He's got to get a lot of points or credit with Ferrari yet, but Gordon Ramsay's got one, and Grant Baker, the chairman of the Gut Cancer Foundation, also has one here at Big Boys Toys today, and this is the only chance the public has had to see it. This is an incredible supercar. Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together one more time for the LaFerrari Aperta. We're going to get some photos and videos. We're going to come back. We're going to lift the wing doors. We'll get your photos with the turntable. We're going to get some photos and videos. We're going to get some photos and videos with the doors closed. We're going to head across now to the mega speaker from Back To The Future in the Music Zone. You're going to get to see it, and you're going to get to hear it. It is the only one in the world, and it was from that first scene when Michael J. Fox or Marty McFly played the speaker to the Music Hall. We'll get some photos, videos with the doors closed, and then we'll come back and we'll lift the wing doors. Ladies and gentlemen, the LaFerrari Aperta. No, I just want to check it on a piece like this. I'll try to get the thing for $17.