 Always on the pulse of time and with impeccable presence, the 5. Hi, I'm Chris and today I'm going to show you how stunning a facelift can be. The new BMW 5 Series sedan delivers elegance with an assured sense of style and sporting appeal, while the BMW 5 Series Touring gives function and performance a new stylish edge. Now let me introduce you to the sedan here next to me. What we have here is the 530e plug-in hybrid with M Sport package in photonic blue, which is just one of five new striking exterior colors. On the other hand, the Touring presents itself in Sophisto grey metallic. Precise contours and tightly formed surfaces create a modern and clean look. The eye catcher is definitely the geometric kidney grille and its positioning gives the new 5 Series a more upright stance. Now the two parts of the BMW kidney grille are linked by one seamless frame, which is also available in all black if you go for the BMW individual high gloss shadow line with extended contents. Another nice thing is that the headlights and the grille form another seamless transition, which emphasizes this model's width. While keeping their iconic shape, the headlights are now slimmer and more geometrical and the new BMW 5 Series features a new matrix LED light technology and the new BMW laser light generation with a greater range of up to 650 meters and light homogenization in low and high beam. Also available is the BMW individual light transition. We wish to say that, for the time being, BMWs are looking forward to the 2.1-liter diesel engine D savior. veuts. The car offers a new point of losganment on the car... ...and more ż каз Pepsi and Mercedes-E ledge wing Peyron M Sport. The InSport M Sport Presents output starts now. The gland action Shinde offers a just- formulated system of 2.1 liters better as a power for a higher power consumption than the c embraced series. making them seem even darker. The side view resonates balance and continues to be unmistakably BMW. Now the variety of five new wheel designs like the 20-inch 846M you see on this one here just add more options for you to choose from. And if you want to be a bit more individual and a bit more functional, you can also go for the aerodynamic wheel 1001i with a considerable CO2 advantage despite its 20-inch size. Now with the limited M Sport Edition, the wheel will also be available with Jet Black inlays. You can get the M Sport Brake in blue, like you see here, or in high-gloss red if you really want something distinctive. Now let's check out the back and just take a look how wide the rear track is. But some of the most significant changes you'll find in the rear wheel. Now let's check out the back and just take a look how wide the rear track is. But some of the most significant changes you'll find in the rear wheel. Now they feature a maximal three-dimensional effect achieved by the lack of an outer glass cover and this is further emphasized by a black surrounding setting them apart from the rear section. The redesigned bumper features a new diffuser for better aerodynamics and a sportier look. And the freeform tailpipes come as a standard and are also available in a dark version with the extended shadow line. The BMW 5 Series Touring taillights basically follow the concept of the 5 Series sedan. But the different rear section geometry did require some minor changes. So, as you might expect, the separate luggage compartment window opens independently of the compartment door. A huge advantage when loading and unloading. With the M model, you can make your new 5 Series even more exclusive. The kidney-grill front and rear seats are also available in chrome black. The rear frame is brimming in cerium grey, as are the air intakes with M performance-specific blades. And the design continues on the side with the mirror caps and air breather in cerium grey as well. The BMW individual high-gloss shadow line is definitely another eye-catcher. The exhaust tailpipes come in chrome black and the M rear gurney completes the sporty look. Let's have a seat. Now, let's take a look at the interior. Now, the interior is driver-centric and very elegant. Here in ivory white Nappa leather. Also well-known from the 7 Series is the lighter contrast stitching on the Sensatec instrument panel, which continues over to the doors. Now, the M Sport package also features two new trims. And this one is equipped with aluminum rhombical smoke grey. And if we take a look at the center console, it also received an update. It now shines in high-gloss black. This 530e is equipped with the Comfort Seat, offering many different adjustment options. For example, you can easily adjust the upper backrest and also the headrest height. Now, to keep your muscles activated but relaxed, there's also a massage function with various programs. And the active seat ventilation provides just the right amount of ventilation for the seat cushion and the backrest. Now, for those of you with a passion for driving performance, we have a special offer. The M Multifunctional Seat from the M5 is now also available for the regular 5 Series. Completely new for all seats is the Sensatec upholstery with contrast stitching and piping, and most importantly, Preforation, which allows for passive seat ventilation. But one of the main highlights of the facelift is definitely the center information display, which measures 12.3 inches with Live Cockpit Professional. And with the BMW Operating System 7, you can access all settings and functions incredibly quickly. If you choose the M model, you will not just be greeted by the illuminated M550i designation at the door entry sill, you can also enjoy the M-specific welcome scenario in the center information display. And of course, you will also find the specific M badging and the M colors in the instrument cluster and on the M seat belts. This new BMW 5 Series is packed with a bunch of great features. For example, BMW Maps, smartphone integration, digital key, and of course, remote software upgrade to keep the software fresh and up to date. So let's have a look at some of these features. Now, who is the perfect co-driver? Of course, the BMW Intelligent Personal System. Now comes with a more emotional visualization, which bends over to the driver or co-driver depending on who's talking. And it's also equipped with extended speech control. You want to open the windows? Check this out. Hey BMW, please open the driver window. Okay, I will open the driver's window. And you can also set a rule to automatically open the driver window at a certain location. For example, the parking garage. A good navigation system is a great help. And with BMW Maps, we introduced a new cloud-based navigation for the BMW Operating System 7, which is quicker, more precise, easier, and intuitive to use. The destination input is done by a free text search or with the Intelligent Personal Assistant. So you don't have to remember any addresses. You can directly check your preferred point of interest. You can check the opening hours, the ratings, and the pictures of the restaurant, for example. In fact, it works just as easy and intuitive as the navigation app you would use on your smartphone. The route is calculated super fast and the cloud-based navigation enables for very short update intervals. Both this and the extended traffic coverage of smaller streets enable a very precise estimated time of arrival. On top of that, you can also benefit from other services that, for example, help you find a parking lot in the quickest way possible. The smartphone integration is a great feature you don't want to miss anymore. And with the new BMW 5 Series, it gets even better. The route guidance is now integrated into the instrument cluster and head-up display. And by using the same icons as on your mobile phone, you can easily navigate to your destination. And by using the same icons as on your mobile phone, you can easily navigate to your destination. The center information display ensures better access and control. And a novelty, all this works with Android Auto as well. Once on the road, there are so many things to keep your eye on. Smart driving assistance systems are very helpful here, like active navigation. Now, with this feature, you'll never miss another exit because your car automatically recognizes the necessary upcoming lane changes that help you stay en route. Another important new feature is the Emergency Lane Assist, which guarantees that you automatically form an emergency lane when necessary. Now, the 5 will automatically steer to the edge of the lane to create space for emergency vehicles. As you can see, the new BMW 5 Series is loaded with the most innovative technology to help you on the road. And remember, with the remote software upgrade, your BMW 5 Series is always up to date. And furthermore, you can use the new system to drive your car, and even more, you can easily add more features to your BMW, like the high beam assistant. Are you looking for something a bit more dramatic, more distinctive? No problem. With a variety of stunning and performance parts, you can tailor the look of your new BMW 5 Series and at the same time enhance the vehicle's performance. The front splitter made of carbon fibre enhances the already sporty look of the M Sport package. And to perfectly complement the splitter, you may also choose the front attachments on the left and right side, also made from carbon fibre, and sealed with a protective clear coat. To finish the front face of the vehicle, you may also choose the kidney grille in carbon fibre as well. These pieces are crafted by hand, and each pair is distinctly unique. Wow, you can really choose how bold you want to be when it comes to the side of the vehicle. And the side skirt attachments in carbon, combined with the side skirt graphics, nicely integrate in the overall look. The air breather directly above is also available in carbon fibre. The strong BMW proportions of the new 5 Series are highlighted even more by the accent stripes in silver and black matte. Finally, you will surely want the handcrafted mirror caps in carbon to complete the look. Now let's have a closer look at the very individual and exclusive 20-inch M Performance forged wheel. Just to give you an overview of the variety of wheels, we have installed different types on our model here. While we installed the multi-spoke 732M bi-colour design in jet black on the driver's side, you can see the double-spoke 669M in jet black matte at the passenger side. The 19-inch brake systems comes with the ventilated and perforated brake discs. The calipers shine in red and are branded with the BMW M logo. The striking M Performance design also extends to the rear. The rear bumper trim comes in high gloss black while the M Performance rear diffuser is in black matte. But if requested, the diffuser and bumper trim can both be painted the same colour as the vehicle. The highlight is the rear spoiler pro in carbon fibre, The highlight is the rear spoiler pro in carbon fibre, The highlight is the rear spoiler pro in carbon fibre, which enhances the sporty appearance of the car and delivers aerodynamic benefits if you choose a more spirited driving style. And now let's see what the interior has to offer. An absolute must-have is of course the M Performance steering wheel. This wheel includes a matching cover in carbon fibre and an Alcantara grip area with large thumb rests. To enhance steering feel, we've designed a special inner lining for better grip. The upper and lower sections feature race-inspired grip, The upper and lower sections feature race-inspired grip, and a set of edges that are covered in high-quality leather. You will love shifting using the shift paddles also in carbon fibre. A feeling of exclusiveness comes with the M Performance floor mats, featuring the M Performance branding and M stripes. As you can see, there is a full package of striking M Performance parts for you to individualise your new BMW 5-Series. for you to individualise your new BMW 5-Series. Athletic, muscular, unique. Whether the BMW 5-Series sedan or the BMW 5-Series Touring, with the 5, you'll find the perfect balance. No matter if you're on a business trip or on your way to your next adventure. Guys, theожалуй this one is the one-of-a-kind variator. But the 5-Series are unique and has plenty more than that. The BMW 5-Series canранse. You have lots of good problems with SuperAAAAneur 48% supports the two- estamos despite the 2.0 Lbs mark. 5-Series…