 Hi, my name is James. For over 45 years, the worldwide success of the BMW 3 Series represents the core of the BMW brand. Young, sporty, enthusiastic, the 3 embodies the pure driving pleasure that has set the benchmark in the premium segment midsize class. As every seventh BMW sold worldwide is a 3 Series, it is the BMW Group's best-selling series. This shows how popular it is for the customer and how important it is for BMW. The new BMW 3 Series comes with a new design. It comes with design modifications that emphasize its precise and dynamic character even more intensively. As in 2019, the 3 brings several updates in design and technology that will later be adopted by other BMW models. The new BMW 3 Series comes with a new customer-centric offer structure. The customer now benefits from the standardization of a lot of special equipment and a simplified offer structure of new packages. The Sportline aesthetics now come as standard equipment. Those who want a more muscular look can choose the M Sport package. And those who want the final sporty touch can select the newly available M Sport Package Pro on top. Selective single options and the newly available BMW Connected Drive upgrades complete the new offer structure. Whether as a sedan or as touring, the 3 inspires with its diversity in the drive portfolio. There are 4 petrol and 5 diesel engines with 4 and 6 cylinders offered. The top of the range is marked by the BMW M Performance automobile with performance-oriented characteristics. In addition, there are two plug-in hybrid models for Europe which offer sufficient electric range for daily commuting. Charging is easy and flexible with the BMW charging options. As standard, the new BMW 3 Series plug-in hybrid comes with the Mode 2 charging cable for domestic sockets and the BMW charging card in combination with a Mode 3 charging cable for public charging stations. Of course, the BMW Wallbox Gen 3 is available as an additional option. Alright. Now let's take a closer look at the exterior design highlights. More modernity, more sportiness and more expression. The precise refinement of the exterior design ensures that the new BMW 3 Series now expresses its driving pleasure-oriented character even more clearly. What we see here is the new BMW 330i with M Sport package. Newly available is this brooklyn grey body colour which emphasises the new design approach. Due to its slight changes to the contour, the kidney becomes significantly more muscular and distinctive. Here, the inside comes in high gloss black framed in pearl chrome and fitted with double bars. The significantly slimmer front headlights with calm contours contribute to the wide front appeal. The LED headlights are standard and can be upgraded with these adaptive LED headlights, taking over the blue accents of BMW laser light which is emitted. In addition, separated fog lights are no longer necessary. The new light signature with two upside down L's makes for a dynamic look. These include the daytime running lights and from now on also the turn indicator. The new LED headlights are standard and can be upgraded with these adaptive LED headlights. The front bumper here comes with a big hexagonal air intake in the centre which is inspired by motorsport design and makes a strong visual statement. Towards the side, the vertical air curtains emphasise the wide stance and form a distinctive shark nose. At the side, the short overhangs, the long bonnet and the long wheelbase convey dynamism even at a standstill. And what you can see here is the 19-inch M-Lite alloy wheel double spoke styling 791M in bi-colour jet black. At the rear, there are the slim, elegant rear lights, while the rear bumper comes with a completely new design. Stronger than before, the M Sport package now clearly differentiates itself from the base model. The lower section of the rear bumper comes with a light-emitting LED light. The rear bumper is a large diffuser in high gloss black for an extremely sporty look. It stretches itself towards the sides, including two outer vertical reflectors for a muscular look similar to the BMW M3. You can't mention advantages of features like Comfort Access and the Digital Key often enough. With Comfort Access, the vehicle recognises you shortly after you start driving. The vehicle recognises you shortly after you start driving. The vehicle recognises you shortly after you start driving. The vehicle recognises you shortly before you reach it and unlocks itself so you can enter immediately. And with the Digital Key, you no longer need a physical car key thanks to smart and simple integration with your smartphone. Inside, the interior experience is taken to a new level. The BMW curved display gives the driver cockpit a more modern and high-tech look. Almost all functions are integrated in the slim and framer display with the 12.3-inch instrument cluster and a 14.9-inch central information display. Only the most frequently used and safety relevant functions can still be accessed directly via the X-bar below the central air vents. Only the most frequently used and safety relevant functions can still be accessed directly via the X-bar below the central air vents. The wider interior trim, shown here in aluminium rhombucle, now covers a larger area and elegantly displays the WP-135 presence of the front visibility. and elegantly showcases the display the center console has also been redesigned and the selector lever comes as a rocker switch what you can see here are the sport seats in high quality perforated sensor tech it's comfortable and provides a lever free option of course there is merino and vanasca leather upholstery available like this vanasca takora red for instance the new BMW 3 Series is equipped with some further smart digital features to make your journey as comfortable as possible but what does that mean exactly what are all these high-end features for and what are the benefits in daily use well it all starts with the new BMW operating system 8 which puts your BMW curved display into action with it you can also communicate naturally and intuitively with your BMW 3 series is equipped with some further smart digital features to make your in multi-modal ways via voice, touch and iDrive controller. With less buttons thanks to operating system 8 you can now fully benefit from the BMW Intelligent Personal Assistant for example to control the temperature. Hey BMW set the temperature to 22 degrees. I will set the temperature to 22 degrees Celsius for the driver. You can't start your journey without your favorite songs. With connected music your playlist is ready to rock and has the best sound with the Harman Kardon Hi-Fi system. Another cool feature is BMW Maps with enhancements in learning navigation. Your BMW learns from your daily commutes and proactively gives you all information regarding traffic or hazards without active guidance. Wireless Android Auto or Apple CarPlay make it easy to integrate and use your smartphone. And if you forgot your smartphone at home no problem the personal eSIM turns your BMW into a phone. It can even be paired with your own phone number and can be used for a car Wi-Fi hotspot for up to 10 devices. Use the external vehicle antenna for optimal telephony and data reception. You can use the service with selected mobile network operators or in combination with the BMW SIM reader and any SIM card. And you can also interact with your BMW comfortably from the sofa. With the my BMW app you can check information such as tire pressure, detail the interior upgrade also apply to the Touring in the same extent. In terms of space and versatility, the Touring is the clear winner. Whether it's a family vacation, a weekend trip or a shopping tour, the new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and comfort. A variety of innovative access and storage options in the interior and trunk offers space for everything you want to take with you. With the push of a button, the rear bench folds down and provides you with lots of space. The plug-in hybrid Touring provides 410 to 1,420 litres, while the combustion engine model offers 500 to 1,510 litres. In terms of functionality and versatility, the new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and comfort. Whether it's a family vacation, a weekend trip or a weekend trip, the new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and comfort. The new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and comfort. In terms of availability, the systems for assisted driving and parking for the new BMW 3 Series are among the best on the market. They support and relieve the driver in numerous situations. Camera images and data collected by ultrasonic and radar sensors are used to monitor the vehicle's surroundings, warn of any hazards, minimize the risk of accidents with braking or steering interventions and perform automated parking. For an even more striking look, customers can choose from a wide variety of M Performance parts. In addition, various original BMW accessories ensure comfort and utility in every situation. The 3 has always been a pioneer. With a modern and unmistakable design, the new BMW 3 Series is the perfect mix of innovation, sportiness and efficiency. The new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and comfort. The new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and performance. The new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with functionality and performance. The new BMW 3 Series 2 Series 2 Series Touring meets everyday needs with Sche computing technology. The new BMW 3 Series Touring meets everyday needs with mobility by using all four driving problems of the new 3 Serieswheels, the new 2 Series Touring meets everyday needs with 5".