 Ladies and gentlemen, the 2007 Chevrolet Volt Concept. Well, here it is, the Chevrolet Volt, an electrically driven car from General Motors. On the road, the Chevrolet Volt can go up to 40 miles using only its lithium-ion batteries to drive the wheels. Now, when greater range is required, its unique flex-fuel internal combustion engine kicks in. If your daily driving, whether to work or running errands or for recreational use, is 40 miles a day or less, and you charge the vehicle every night when you get home, you will never need to buy gasoline during the entire life of the man. After last year's auto show, a number of the engineers got together and said, you know what, we need to do something that's above and beyond what everybody else is doing here. And give them a chance. And give them a chance. Given the state of battery technology, is there an opportunity to do something totally different? And so that was right after last year's show, people started talking about it. And they worked on various concepts and really came across this electrically driven vehicle with all the flexibility they can provide with the different fuels and energy sources. And what we've done with the Chevy Volt is we've designed a propulsion system and said, can we work in concert creatively with designers and engineers to design a beautiful vehicle that can be used for a long time? And we've designed a beautiful package around it. And that beautiful package includes wonderful proportions, wheels pushed way out to the corners because we can do it now. We don't have a transmission in this car. Short front and rear overhangs. We've got this tremendous, what designers call, dash to axle ratio. Very clean, very modern, and it looks like a precision instrument both inside and out. The applications that we've contributed to, first of all, the most apparent one is the, you know, the electric vehicle. longer. So not a veryneh rápido многak, there's no choice, they needüre audiero cami, like there needsemba. Oh begin. Two three four. Zip ya dick. Excellent, that was quite a demo, as that's my favorite. Volt allows a customer using their 110 Volt 15 amp circuits at home to plug in their electric car. When you plug in your electric car, we've got enough battery on board. In six hours that battery can be fully charged. When that battery is fully charged, that customer can drive 40 miles pure electrically. So if you plug in every night, you may never use any gasoline if you drive the Chevy Volt. We think that's pretty cool. On the rear and the front of the vehicle, we have our Zenoit energy absorbers. Right here, this is our Zenoit energy absorber. Historically, if a company wants to sell a vehicle in more than one part of the world, they have to design the front end differently. With this technology, it's one application, one design around the globe. It's an electric vehicle with, we say, an insurance policy because it's a range extender and it's a very, very powerful vehicle. It's a very, very powerful vehicle. It's a very, very powerful vehicle. It's a very, very powerful vehicle. It's a very, very powerful vehicle. You can have all this ability to get more energy for the battery from various fuels. What we've tried to do is bridge the issues that were, you know, part of the electric vehicle paradigm in the past and say, well, how can we make it better? And customers told us, boy, if you could occasionally give me an ability to recharge on board, and since General Motors knows engines, we put a little tiny engine that just sips gas for those occasional needs when you go more than 40 miles and you want to keep on motoring. This chassis display doesn't physically show the parts which are on the vehicle, but Lexan EXL is used on the instrument panel top as well as the steering wheel. And Lexan EXL is a very ductile material at all temperature ranges. So what that means for a passenger in the car and the instrument panel particularly, when your airbag deploys at any temperature, you don't need to worry about being in the airbag. You don't need to worry about being in the airbag. You don't need to worry about being in the airbag. You don't need to worry about being injured by the fragments of your instrument panel through which the airbag is deploying. So really from a safety perspective, a passenger can appreciate the advantage of that technology. The Chevy Volt is a no-compromise vehicle. Matter of fact, this vehicle is set up and the components are set up so it has a top speed of 120 and can go continuously at 100 miles an hour until your fuel runs out. We're so proud to be a part of this program with General Motors and certainly appreciate the their openness to the new technologies that we're providing. Bob Lutz said, I mean in his entire automotive career, he hasn't been more excited about such an opportunity because it's not evolutionary, it's revolutionary. And I think this has the potential, especially from a design standpoint, to change the game. And so that's what's really exciting.