 Volvo Cars of North America, Tony Nicolosi. Welcome, and thank you for finishing your day with Volvo. And what I can confidently promise is the last official press conference that you'll be attending at the LA Auto Show. I'm Tony Nicolosi, President and CEO of Volvo Cars of North America. I was appointed just six weeks ago, six short weeks ago, and it seems like I spent the majority of my time listening and learning. Listening to dealers, listening to employees, to peers, journalists, and family. And while it's been good listening, it's great to be up here and mic'd up to do some talking for a change. So first, let me give you a little background. Concurrent to my new role, I'm also the President and CEO of Volvo Car Financial Services. That's Volvo's captive finance arm, which we launched last December. As you may recall, we were previously relying on our former parent and U.S. Bank for this important part of the business. Volvo Car Financial Services has been a great step forward in stabilizing and preparing for the growth and transformation that I'll be speaking with you about today. I've been with Volvo for 27 years in various capacities. Wow, I've been around a long time. And those experiences over the 27 years have shaped a unique view of the challenges and opportunities Yes. that we face with Volvo and our dealers today. As an example, we have a great understanding of what leasing strategies can do for Volvo and our network of 308 dealers. Thank you. We'll be looking to increase our leasing volume in the future. Such a strategy increases the velocity of the business for ourselves and our dealers in terms of new vehicle sales, service and parts, and most importantly, building a portfolio of returning customers. A wide range of advantages that have done both for Volvo and our dealers. Thank you. Thank you. And now that I'm leading the sales and marketing arm, I'll be better positioned to close the loop on strategy like leasing to better serve our dealers and customers. There's a lot more to our story than leadership changes, though. Significant financial investment to the tune of $11 billion globally and a renewed commitment from Sweden to support the U.S. market will be instrumental to our success here in North America. But the most important news I can share with you today concerns Volvo's new and redesigned products, along with the new, innovative examples of the kinds of technological and engineering innovations Volvo is known for. These are the storylines that will drive Volvo's transformation. Collectively, Volvo, for model year 14, has undergone the most extensive redevelopment of its existing model line and its history. This includes the Volvo S60, XC60, XT70, and S80. The new level of sophistication in our designs across our range of products, coupled with advanced technology and dynamic driving performance, are real-time examples of the commitment and investment that I've spoken about. And while many elements of our offerings will change, I'll start by emphasizing what hasn't. Volvo has been the recognized leader in automotive safety since it was founded in 1927. Our commitment to the advancement of a safer driving experience has included innovations such as the three-point seatbelt that we gave the world for free more than 50 years ago. City safety and today's pedestrian and cyclist detection systems are more recent examples of the technologies that will take us forward. Volvo has been the recognized leader in automotive safety since it was founded in 1927. Volvo has been the recognized leader in automotive safety since it was founded in 1927. We are working towards our vision that no one will be killed or seriously injured in a Volvo. Beyond this, we are working toward a longer-term vision in which cars will not crash. We're proud to say that Volvo has never wavered from providing the safest environment for the occupants of our vehicles and even for those in our vicinity. A newsworthy example of our safety leadership is that our venerable XC90, which was first launched in 2005, is now a model of the XC90. It's a new model and it's designed to be a perfect example of a new model. It's a new model and it's designed to be a perfect example of a new model. It's a new model and it's designed to be a perfect example of a new model. It's a new model and it's designed to be a perfect example of a new model. Volvo's XC90 has been awarded an IIHS Top Safety Pick Plus award. This is especially significant because the small overlap protection test wasn't even applied to 2012. It kind of gives you an idea of how far ahead of the times Volvo is safety wise. In a year from now, we'll be showing you the all-new XC90, which will feature Volvo's next generation of safety and driver support technologies. Most importantly, we're going to be showing you the new XC90. The XC90 is the new XC90 with a new engine. It's a new model and it's designed to be a perfect example of a new model. It's a new model and it's designed to be a perfect example of a new model. Most importantly, we're going to be showing you the all-new XC90. The all-new XC90 will be the first Volvo model assembled on a scalable platform architecture, or what we like to call it, a SPOT. Going forward, all-new Volvo models will be built on these highly adapted, or should I say, scalable platforms. Now, back to the current business and some introductions. We're just a couple of months away from bringing back an iconic model to the U.S. Sherwoods. When people hear Volvo, they often think, wagon. This is a 2015 Volvo V60 sports wagon and it'll arrive here in January. It's a proven sales success in other markets around the globe and combines the handling and styling of dynamic sports sedan with added versatility. While only 4,000 are available in North America initially, we believe we will attract many more customers to our showroom and give them a fresh look at our redesigned Volvo. The V60 customers not only can choose between our current 5-cylinder and 6-cylinder turbocharged engines, but for the first time they can have a Volvo powered by one of our new Drive-E powertrains. Drive-E marks the beginning of Volvo's transition to offering only 4-cylinder engines that will reduce the power and torque of a typical 6-cylinder engine, but with much better fuel economy. And in some cases, we expect nearly 26% better fuel economy. Here's a quick video that'll give us a quick look at Drive-E. Drive-E powertrains combine the latest technology to deliver real-world improvements to fuel efficiency and performance, utilizing a turbocharged or turbocharged 4-cylinder engine married to a new 8-speed automatic transmission. Drive-E powertrains offered in America are very versatile, with initial offerings reducing 240 or 302 horsepower. And while we don't have official EPA numbers, we are targeting best-in-class fuel efficiency in a neighborhood of 38 miles per gallon highway with 240 horsepower. As I mentioned, Drive-E powertrains incorporate both the 4-cylinder engine and revolutionary 8-speed gearbox, which in itself is a great story. Our engineers in Sweden have incorporated an increased gear span, allowing the engine to run low revs and top gears, but still keep a low first gear for takeoff. The gearbox also helps Drive-E dramatically reduce CO2 emissions. I'd like to acknowledge Michael Fleiss. Michael is Volvo's Director of Engines and will take over as Vice President of Powertrain and Fuel Engineering. He will be up here next to the Drive-E engine display after my remarks to answer any questions you may have regarding Drive-E. Now, you might be asking, Tony, what will this cost? Well, we're not ready to make an announcement today, but we will be announcing our pricing in the coming weeks. We are very confident that V60's safety, value, performance, and fuel efficiency will make it a worthy choice for customers in this category, considering solid competitive products for the likes of BMW, Audi, and Acura. In addition to its placement on the V60, Drive-E powertrains will also be available on the 2015 X60 Sport Sedan and the XC60 Crossover. It's safe to say that Volvo's long-term vision in regards to fuel efficiency and power is underscored by these Drive-E engines. Drive-E powertrains are the best-selling powertrains in the world. Drive-E powertrains are the best-selling powertrains in the world. Drive-E powertrains are the best-selling powertrains in the world. Drive-E powertrains are the best-selling powertrains in the world. Drive-E powertrains are the best-selling powertrains in the world. Drive-E powertrains are the best-selling powertrains in the world. presentation and performance. with the safety and satisfaction of the Volvo customer as our number one goal. Whether you're writing about safety, design, fuel efficiency, or performance, you'll see that Volvo will be a progressively larger part of those stories moving forward. Thank you for your time and safe travels.