 More range, more terrain, more freedom. When it came time to update our hottest selling electric vehicle, our designers and engineers pulled out all the stops. Resulting in the refreshed 2025 IONIQ 5 Limited and the first ever extra sporty and rugged IONIQ 5 XRT. Both of these were designed to give you more of what you already love about our award-winning EV. With new features and updated styling that make them some of our most advanced vehicles to date. And I'm sure many of you will be happy to hear that IONIQ 5 is now assembled right here in the USA out of our brand new Georgia facility. So let's take a closer look at these two very special EVs in this double feature edition of Hyundai Showroom Walkaround. Let's start with the biggest update for 2025. The Intercom. Introduction of our all new XRT trim. With a more rugged and aggressive appearance which is really unique for an all electric vehicle. XRT is the IONIQ 5 that steps up the adventure. The most noticeable differences are going to be XRT's unique front and rear fascia design. With dark exterior cladding and trim. You'll see the prominent red tow hooks in front also exclusive to XRT. And I absolutely love this. If you look closely. A lot of this dark trim is actually what our designers call etched digital camouflage. It's a pixelated camo pattern that gives XRT both a rugged look and a retro modern edge. XRT will also have exclusive 18 inch alloy wheels with all terrain tires. And a lifted suspension that's 23 millimeters higher than other trims for greater off road clearance. And finally in the rear. A more prominent rear fascia and bumper design with the embossed XRT logo. Now if you think the XRT trim is amazing. Our designers didn't just stop there. So let's check out the refreshed exterior of our IONIQ 5 Limited. The first thing you'll probably notice are the all new 20 inch alloy wheels on the all wheel drive model. Or 19 inch alloy wheels on the rear. Or 20 inch alloy wheels on the rear wheel drive. There's the new flush type roof side rails. And up front a more pronounced lower fascia with active grille shutters that can close to improve aerodynamics. There's the premium LED accent lighting that's more streamlined than before. And of course it wouldn't be an IONIQ 5 without the parametric pixel LED lighting. Just one of the many design cues. Just one of the many design cues. Just one of the many design cues. And the previous generation that continues through to 2025. This also includes the streamlined clamshell design that minimizes cut lines through the hood. And just like before IONIQ 5 incorporates parametric dynamic design. Flush door handles to improve aerodynamics. And power folding side mirrors that now come standard on the SEL trim and up. And the updated design continues in the rear. With a more prominent lower fascia. A revised rear roof spoiler with built in center stoplight. And a rear windshield wiper and washer that's all new for 2025. Plus you'll get the parametric pixel LED tail lights that mirror the look in the front. And also give it the cool retro vibe. And while we're back here both the XRT and the limited trim have been updated. And the new XRT has been updated to a new design. And that's the new XRT. And the new XRT. And the new XRT. And the new XRT. And the new XRT. Good news for 2025. Both In spicim and InOUGH have a hands-free automatic liftgate with auto-open There's 26.3 cubic feet of space with the rear seats up and 58.5 cubic feet with the rear seats down. charger compatible. The supercharger network is known for being ultra-fast and reliable with over 36,000 ports nationwide. IONIQ 5 will also come with a CCS adapter so you can continue to use DC fast charging networks from companies like Electrify America, ChargePoint, and EVgo. Greater access to charging networks means more freedom when it comes to driving in town and across the country. And with IONIQ 5's ultra-fast 800 volt charging capability, it ranks as one of the fastest EVs out there when it comes to charge times. In fact, both the XRT and the Limited trims can charge 10 to 80 percent in about 30 minutes using the Tesla supercharger or in as little as 20 minutes using the CCS connector with a DC ultra-fast charger. All right, I think it's about time we head inside and let's check out the car. Check out the refreshed interior on our IONIQ 5 Limited. At first glance, the biggest change for 2025 is going to be the black surround finish on the dual 12.3 inch digital displays. Previously, this was an off-white finish, but the black just gives it a sleeker, stealthier appearance. You're also going to notice a new HVAC control design, updated instrument cluster, and a revised center console that now includes physical buttons for features like the heated and ventilated seats and the heated steering wheel. Plus, since we're inside our Limited, you're going to get some of our top features like the premium head-up display, ambient mood lighting with 64 different colors, digital rear view mirror with home link, soft touch door trim, rear door sun shades, and our Vision panoramic fixed glass roof. In the XRT, the interior is mostly the same, but with a few notable differences like black HTEC seating surfaces with a unique XRT pattern, XRT badging and logos throughout, including a DeBoss logo on the front seat backs, and unique XRT specific color accents. Plus, in all trims, many parts of the interior are covered with the XRT logo. So, if you're looking for a car that's a little bit more modern, you can go ahead and check out our XRT interior. As the XRT interior is a little bit more modern, you can go ahead and check out our XRT interior. The interior is a little bit more modern, you can go ahead and check out our XRT interior. The interior is a little bit more modern, you can go ahead and check out our XRT interior. The interior incorporates sustainably focused materials, like the seats and armrests, include recycled plastic. The carpet and headliner incorporate Bio-PET extracted from sugarcane. The dashboard and door panel feature Bio-Paint polyurethane made from bean oil, and the door center garnish includes recycled fiber. Now, along with a premium interior design, you're going to get plenty of cutting edge technology, like an advanced multimedia platform. The 12.3 inch center touchscreen has been upgraded to our next gen CCNC navigation infotainment system. Now, this features an enhanced user interface with more ways to customize and faster processing speeds for greater GPS accuracy. It works seamlessly with our 12.3 inch digital instrument cluster and features an EV technology display that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. that shows information like battery status, electric range, and charge rate. You're also going to get Hyundai Pay, which allows you to pay for parking and EV charging at select lots and stations, all through your IONIQ 5's touchscreen. There's over 5,800 parking locations and over 20,000 charge point locations nationwide that you can use. You can even reserve and pay for parking in advance. Hyundai Pay will direct you right to your parking space using the navigation. Other technology features include OEM, which is a new feature that's been added to the car. Other technology features include OEM, which is a new feature that's been added to the car. Other technology features include OEM, which is a new feature that's been added to the car. Other technology features include OEM, which is a new feature that's been added to the car. Other technology features include OEM, which is a new feature that's been added to the car. are the two in the rear. And if you love Android Auto or Apple CarPlay, you're going to love this next part Also, are the two in the front, two in the rear. if you love Android Auto or Apple CarPlay, you're going to love this next part because both of those now come wireless standard on all trims. you're going to love this next part because both of those now come wireless standard on all trims. You're also going to get Wi-Fi hotspot capability standard on all trims. work fast the XRT and Limited are going to feature our updated Remote Smart Parking Assist 2. Now this is going to allow your IONIQ 5 to park parallel, diagonal, or perpendicular driving itself in and out of a parking space. All you have to do is hit a button on your smart key. You'll also get Hyundai Digital Key 2, which allows you to unlock your doors and start your motor all through your compatible smartphone. This now works with compatible iPhones as well as compatible Android smartphones and many compatible smartwatches. You can even share a copy of this digital key to another driver's compatible smartphone. And no matter what trim you choose, you're going to be getting Blue Link Plus Standard, where you can remotely access your vehicle through your compatible smartphone and do things like lock and unlock your door, remotely activate climate control, find out where you last parked, and more. All at no additional monthly charge. And we've enhanced Blue Link Plus even more for 2025, so now you can keep tabs on battery health, charge level, whether your doors are locked, or whether you left your windows open. Now if you think the premium interior design and that cutting edge technology are impressive, wait till you get IONIQ 5 out on the road. The Limited comes standard in a rear wheel drive with an available dual motor all-wheel drive system, while the XRT comes standard in that dual motor all-wheel drive. Both trims offer plenty of power and torque. The Limited rear wheel drive gets 225 horsepower with 258 pound feet of torque, while the all-wheel drive for either the XRT or Limited gives you 320 horsepower with 446 pound feet of torque. Both trims also include a larger 84 kilowatt hour battery. The XRT comes standard in that dual motor all-wheel drive. Both trims offer plenty of power and torque. Both trims also include a larger 84 kilowatt hour battery. The XRT comes standard in that dual motor all-wheel drive. Both trims also include a larger 84 kilowatt hour battery. Both trims offer plenty of power and torque. Now you're also going to be getting E-Active sound design, which gives you a more natural EV driving experience by bringing virtual sound into the cabin based on your acceleration and driving speed. Now we're talking EV, so I know you want to know about range. And good news, it's better than ever. The Limited rear wheel drive gets an EPA estimated range of up to 318 miles. The Limited rear wheel drive gets an EPA estimated range of up to 318 miles. The Limited rear wheel drive gets an EPA estimated range of up to 318 miles. The Limited rear wheel drive gets an EPA estimated range of up to 318 miles. The all-wheel drive gets an EPA estimated range of up to 269 miles. While the XRT gets an EPA estimated range of up to 259 miles. And to help you make the most out of that range, both of these trims will offer multiple levels of regenerative braking. Now there are four levels to choose from using your paddle shifters. Or you can hold the right paddle shifter to activate your smart regenerative braking system too. point O. Now this is actually going to adjust your brake settings using a radar sensor based on traffic and road incline. Now in order to keep everyone on board safe, both of these will include a suite of standard Smart Sense safety features like our forward collision avoidance assist with car, pedestrian, cyclist and junction turning detection, forward attention warning, blind spot collision warning, highway driving assist and lane following assist just to name a few. Both the XRT and the Limited will have surround view monitor, blind spot view monitor and smart cruise control with machine learning that can actually mimic your own unique driving style. And brand new for 2025, haptic feedback which works through the steering wheel to enhance some of our driver assistance features like lane keeping assist. And there's just so much of a lot of fun in the XRT. So let's take a look at some of the features that we've got here. There's so much more that comes with owning a Hyundai like America's best warranty. That's a 10 year 100,000 mile powertrain limited warranty and a five year 60,000 mile new vehicle limited warranty and also a 10 year 100,000 mile electric battery limited warranty. And since Hyundai cares so much about making the highest quality vehicles out there for you, we produce our own advanced high strength steel which is both very strong and very light. So there you have it the Refresh 2025 IONIQ 5 with brand new features, increased driving range, access to the Tesla supercharger network and the new rugged XRT trim. We just made a best selling EV even better, which gives you even more reasons to get into one yourself. Thanks a lot. Have a good evening.