 This is the all-new Hyundai Sonata, completely redesigned inside and out for 2020. Now we have the fully loaded limited trim here with us and let's start by taking a look at a Sonata exterior that is longer, lower, and wider in the 2020 model. Now throughout the exterior you're going to notice elements of Hyundai's new sensuous sportiness design philosophy. Elements like that elongated wide sporty front grille, that elegant swooping hood, and those stunning full LED headlights that include daytime running lights that I love this, seamlessly integrate into the main vehicle body. Now speaking of that vehicle body you're going to notice aggressive curves and sleek lines that embody that sport coupe design influence. 18-inch alloy wheels and a rear design that features an integrated spoiler, full LED tail lights that stretch across the entire back of the trunk, and a hands-free smart trunk. Now speaking of that trunk you have 16.3 cubic feet of cargo capacity there, a 60-40 fold down of the seats, and a spare tire so the Sonata is ready for all of your cargo utility needs. But it's not just about looks is it? When it comes to performance the 2020 Hyundai Sonata comes standard with a 2.4-liter engine, a 2.5-liter engine, and a 2.5-liter engine. The new Sonata is a 5.0-liter four-cylinder engine that gets you 191 horses and in the limited here a 1.6 turbo GDI four-cylinder that gets 180 horse and 195 pounds of torque produced at a low 1500 RPM. Now both of those drive trains are going to be mated with our all-new SmartStream 8-speed automatic transmission system with Shiftronic. Now this brand new SmartStream technology for us in both our engine and our transmission systems leads to fuel efficiency improvements and improvements in performance. Now when it comes to the safety the 2020 Hyundai Sonata comes standard with advanced Hyundai SmartSense safety features like forward collision avoidance assist with pedestrian detection, high beam assist, smart cruise control with stop-go, lane keeping assist, lane follow assist, driver attention warning, and rear occupant alert. Combine that with our blind spot collision avoidance assist with lane change assist and our rear cross-traffic collision avoidance assist and you have a Sonata that has you protected at all angles. Now let's talk advanced tech because the Sonata is loaded with that as well. You're going to get remote smart parking assist and that's where you're actually able to park and retrieve your car all with a touch of a button on your key fob. You're also going to get blind spot view monitor that's going to use a camera on your side view mirrors where you can actually see an image of your blind spot all with a touch of your turn signal. Now also for the first time with Hyundai you get the Hyundai digital key. This is a first here with the Sonata where without the use of your key fob using either a key card or a compatible smartphone device you can unlock and start your car all just with a touch like this. How easy was that? Now the premium features do not stop on the outside of the vehicle. You're going to get a 12 speaker Bose audio premium sound system. You're going to get leather seating and full leather interior. You have a surround view monitor which is going to use cameras on the front and back and side mirrors to give you a 360 degree view. Wireless device charging, dual USB ports, dual zone automatic temperature control, heated and ventilated seats for driver and passenger, ambient lighting with 64 colors and a 10.25 inch touchscreen display with navigation. Now you're also going to get our full digital instrument display as well as a full color heads-up display and panoramic sunroof. Now being a new Hyundai the Sonata also comes with three years of our blue link connected car service which is a great feature. Now the Sonata is a new Hyundai and it's a one that is actually out of the market. One for the $58 million range with maximum speed and minimal цветing prices just on top of by America's best warranty at 10 years 100,000 miles of the powertrain and five years 60,000 miles on the vehicle. Now the brand new 2020 Sonata has a bold new look that embodies that sport coupe exterior design. It's got a sleek modern take on that spacious interior and enhancements in technology and safety throughout making the 2020 Sonata a sedan that is truly at the next level. you