 Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther Teksting av Nicolai Winther TRØ Może Trøje generation of navigation called BMW Maps. It will provide our customers with even more precise and intuitive assistance when it comes to urban and personal mobility. Our navigation tech has for years been one of our key multi-award winning products. This because we combine intelligent route guidance with additional information such as traffic or points of interest and, especially important for in-car operation, a deep integration into our BMW HMI, the Human Machine Interface. But there is digital competition out there with pretty strong smartphone apps, for example. We take on the challenge. With BMW Maps, we are introducing cloud-based navigation in the new 5 Series. This will allow us to offer customers the best system in the premium segment. BMW Maps assists our customers before their journey, during it, and once they reach their destination. It functions link seamlessly via various touch points. The driver can, for example, send the destination address to the car via the BMW Connected app from outside the car. So, when they get in, everything is ready to go. All the information is shown on the central screen that has been further enlarged. The system is easy to use, for example via voice control, or the touch screen, or the iDrive controller. And we've also improved the system's performance. Super fast route calculation in under a second and very precise expected time of arrival. Detailed information on points of interest, complete with ratings, opening times, pictures, and more information. So, really a big step. And I hope you'll soon find out. We'll talk about the strengths of BMW Maps in a test drive. But still, we also want to offer our customers a seamless experience in connecting their personal smartphones. Not only for making phone calls, but also using other digital functions. The new BMW 5 Series is one of the first cars to get a wireless integration of Android Auto. Android Auto is a safe and easy way to use Android smartphone functions during a journey, whether that's music, messaging, or driving. Or Google Assistant. All functions are integrated directly into the car's fully digital screen system. For example, one new feature is the display of smartphone navigation apps in the instrument cluster and the head-up display. This provides a safe way of using apps during a journey. The support for Apple CarPlay rounds off the offering for our customers. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. We've had for like 20 years of Apple CarPlay, and we still have to improve our DarkSense integration. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. We've had the best wireless technical solution on the market for years. Those are just a few of the highlight features and that make the new BMW 5 Series a digital flagship of Apple. And I'd like to hand back to Peter Nota on this. Once again, the BMW 5 Series leads the way. it raises the benchmark in terms of design, efficiency, driver performance, fast traction, power, and performance. driving dynamics and digitalization. It's younger, smarter and more sustainable. It's truly the next generation business car. And it's set to continue its leadership as the most successful business sedan worldwide. Now, the 5 Series is not the only highlight we have for you today. The 6 Series GT is also new and benefits from most of the innovation we've spoken about. So now, please enjoy the ground tour. The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT The 6 Series GT Thank you for joining us for the world premiere of the new BMW 5 Series and the new BMW 6 Series.