This is a completely new segment, a new type of car for us. We had two options. We could either play it safe and traditional, or throw away the rulebook and do something new. We were given the task of reimagining Scandinavian creativity for the new Volvo XC40. We had to deliver the quality and simplicity that Volvo stands for. But we also had to create something new, something expressive.
We are established as a maker of premium cars and the XC40 builds on that, but also explores a new direction. This is premium, but in a different way. We took inspiration from all over, mostly from non-automotive. Fashion, art, architecture and modern culture. We were trusted to do a remix of what Volvo stands for. The XC40 is for a new group of customers, so it demands a new expression.
We looked at non-traditional materials for the interior and bold new colours to add life and creativity. The felt is made of 100% sustainable material. We worked with material inside the card that you usually see on the outside, such as a diamond cut metal.
We also used cartography as inspiration. Contrast was one of our big influences. This enabled us to bring a high degree of individual expression to the XC40. We believe that expressive design doesn't need to be loud and confusing, but it does need to be focused. This remix takes the premium SUV in a whole new direction. We've developed a broad palette of colours, materials and trim levels to offer something for every taste.
Repetition kills creativity and good design is about exploration and this is what the XC40 really represents. I call it premium creativity. Apple's new XC40 is designed to help you make the most of the space in your car. We started with a blank sheet of paper. This meant that we had the opportunity to address some of the storage issues people experience in their car.
Consumer research gave us a clear picture of how people use their cars and what things they bring with them. We started with one of the most important yet ignored areas of interior car design. A dedicated space for your phone with inductive charge. We wanted the cupholders to be used as cupholders and not for storage for rubbish and cards and cables. So we designed space for these items as well.
In our research, we learned that many people carry a box of tissues in their car, so we made sure that that need was met. People use door bins or cup holders for rubbish, so with a waste bin, the space around you is always clean and tidy. Convenience and ease of access were the driving forces. We included a retractable hook in the glove box to stop your personal belongings from moving around the floor.
We removed speakers from the doors and freed up a lot of space. Enough for a laptop, a tablet or a couple of bottles. And an organiser insert that keeps your sunglasses from being scratched and things from moving around. We integrated cardholders into the dashboard so that you have your petrol and parking card at hand. And a smart storage under the seats for a mini tablet or smaller items. The trunk has been designed with a fold-up floor.
to keep your shopping bags from moving around and a hidden storage under the luggage floor. An organised interior helps you stay focused when driving and you get the benefit of always knowing that your things are safely stowed away but always within reach. The new XC40 is a great example of Scandinavian space and thoughtful design.
With the new XC40, Volvo Cars is building upon its leading reputation for safety and usability. Based on real-life quantitative data and ethnographic research, Volvo calls its approach to product development the circle of life. Benefiting from the technology found in Volvo's larger 90 and 60 series cars, the new XC40 has been developed specifically with city driving and the commute in mind.
We study people's lives to understand their hopes and dreams, their pains and pleasures, and every interaction with the car. The daily commute involves a lot of frustration. This is why we develop functions to make the journey smoother before you even enter your car. For example, with the calendar function, our Volvo OnCall app can send the destination of your next meeting to the navigation system in your car before you leave home in the morning.
Even as you reverse out from your driveway or parking spot, Cross-Traffic Alert with Brake Support will provide you with a confident feeling. All screens in the car have been optimized for safe, easy and efficient interaction while driving. The center touch display has been thoroughly tested with users to deliver their favorite functions and apps with minimal effort whenever they want.
Pilot Assist, our semi-autonomous driver assistance system, will support with steering, acceleration and braking on well-marked roads at speeds up to 130 kph, taking some of the stress out of your everyday commute. We designed the entire user experience in the car to give you more control when driving. In busy and time-critical situations, like city centre driving,
All interactions can be carried out from buttons in the steering wheel with appropriate feedback in the driver display. The driver display delivers information and interaction that's time critical, that the driver needs right now. This is even more important in complex city driving situations. To deal with this, our autonomous emergency braking system, City Safety, includes, for instance, cyclists and pedestrian detection to increase your peace of mind.
Our research shows that parking is considered to be one of the more mundane yet stressful tasks. This is why we have developed services that make it easier to find and pay for parking and help you to park your car. In addition, our 360 birdview camera makes it much easier to carry out precision parking in tight spots.
The XC40 is a completely new car for Volvo. It's an SUV that has been designed around life in the city. And everything we do is designed to take the stress out of your day by building on safety, control, usability and convenience.
