Scene! I'm not so sure that video was a great idea, but, uh, oh well.
Good morning, everybody, and thank you for coming today. I hope you liked that video. Those opening clips are from an upcoming campaign that we obviously are shooting with Kathryn Hahn right now. And clearly, she had a lot of fun creating those different characters for the campaign. And it's fitting because she actually drives one every day. So she's uniquely qualified to describe just how multifaceted the Pacifica is. The form, function, and flexibility run so deep in Pacifica.
that it can literally mold itself into seemingly any family's needs. And anyone who spent time at CES this year came home from Vegas with an understanding of how deep technology runs in Pacifica's DNA. That combination of form, function, and tech meant Chrysler was right at home in such a design-forward setting. Now, it's fair to say that we've made some strides since the vinyl wood grain of the original Minivan. And I think CES was a reminder.
that we've always approached these vehicles as more than minivans. These are platforms to share all that we know about modern transportation, about practicality, about comfort, about safety with the world. And as the model of transportation evolves, so has our product. As transportation becomes somewhat commoditized because of ride sharing and an emphasis on connectivity, the sea change has played right into the hands of this segment.
And you don't need to see one of our Waymo Pacificas driving by to understand that. The Pacifica has evolved from something boxy and practical to a sculpted safe haven designed to be nothing short of your home away from home. This is a place that gives you all the comforts of home, including a peace of mind, even when you're miles from yours.
Look at what the Uconnect systems provide today's drivers. A seamless extension of more than your playlists and destinations. It delivers a user experience that extends the functionality of your phone to an interface that's fully integrated with the vehicle itself. And today, what's projected on your vehicle's touchscreen is often more significant than what your vehicle projects to the people at curbside. But here's the thing, it doesn't have to be one or the other.
Now, before you start side-eyeing me, we all know that there's a couple of Achilles heels in the minivan category. Style has long been the exposed flank. So when we introduced this, the Pacifica S, it was designed to address that perception head on. And it delivered. The Pacifica S is a clear vision of what the market told us they wanted. More athletic, modern styling, with Pacifica practicality.
This parallel evolution of style and practicality has made the S model one of our best sellers. And for 2021, we're pushing it even further. This is the new 2021 Pacifica Limited S. And it's ironic that we call this trim Limited.
because it sacrifices nothing to give you a little more. More style, more ingenuity, and even more functionality. Check out the center console. It puts functionality front and center, literally. Storage, style, and nothing short of best-in-class charging. Of course, you can still seat up to eight occupants and still use stow and go to convert from a people carrier into something you can carry four by eight sheets of plywood.
or use the in-storage bins and cubbies to carry, I don't know, almost 5,000 Hot Wheel cars or something. All while knowing that your family is blanketed in both safety and technology. That's the beauty of Pacifica. Each advancement not only enhances the user interface, it enhances the entire segment. We've made America's family vehicle more athletic than ever. Tone the front fascia.
New LED lighting that reinforces this vehicle sets the tone for both style and function. But we didn't stop there. 20-inch wheels in a restrained chrome accents that give you just the right amount of overall flair. And even the tailgate projects attitude with an LED surround that's as dynamic as the tech within. If the current S took spin classes, this was doing CrossFit. But...
As has always been the case with Pacifica, its main purpose is deeper than its exterior appearance. It's not pretending to be something different on Instagram. It's literally a life hack. It's there to make your life easier and to use technology to simplify your day rather than complicate it. And this latest model is loaded with new tech. First and foremost, Pacifica is the first FCA product to get the new Uconnect 5 system.
This new Uconnect system is five times faster and even more customizable and combined with a new 10.1-inch touchscreen controlling everything from Sirius XM Guardian to Alexa Home with in-vehicle messaging. And this touchpad controls everything from the heated seats to the steering wheel to the Uconnect Theater. If you check that box, you'll get dual independent 10.1-inch touchscreens in the second row as well.
And if you opt for our Fam Cam interior camera, it's a feature that actually lets you monitor the entire interior, and you'll be able to witness the byproduct of that backseat entertainment. Peace and quiet. Now, Fam Cam actually allows you to zoom in on a seat, even if you're using rear-facing car seats. No one else can say that. And again, we're using tech to make life easier for our owners.
So, if we've got style covered and we've checked every tech box, what's next? Well, how about an interior that takes it up a notch? Because what's the point of all this tech if you don't have a place where you can actually use it? This is a level of comfort that normally qualifies for pre-boarding. Imagine for yourself an interior unlike any minivan, any vehicle. Imagine the pinnacle and you'd get this.
This is the new 2021 Pinnacle trim level shown on our plug-in hybrid and it's fitting that we're showing you this interior that goes further than anything we've ever done before in a vehicle that can take you further and it makes sense that a vehicle that gets 80 mpg equivalent showcases an interior that you won't want to get out of. Giving people technology that helps them get better mileage not just out of a gallon of gas but out of every hour of their day is what Pacifica is all about.
and we have an obligation to help them navigate their calendars and to-do lists in comfort. Comfort that comes from more than quilted Nappa leather seats, from power adjustable captain's chairs beneath a suede headliner, straight to the backseat pillows. Yes, backseat pillows. Pinnacle puts comfort to practice. How about the new Ultra Console? It's not only the biggest, but it's also the most functional with integrated wireless charging pads.
After all, accessible innovation has always been a pillar of the Chrysler minivan, and that universal approach has always applied to safety and security. Look, it would have been easy to say that the new Pacifica has the widest beam LED headlights that we've ever offered, and then followed it up by a 10-point asterisk saying that it's only available on the top of the line pinnacle. But we believe that while pillows for your backseat passengers can be optional, carrying each and every occupant
and each and every trim is not. So we've loaded the new Pacifica with more safety than ever before. Serious technology like 37 square feet of airbags, blind spot monitoring, rear cross path detection, park assist, adaptive cruise control with full stop, electronic stability control, forward collision warning with full stop, lane departure warning, and even pedestrian automatic emergency braking.
All in, the new Pacifica is packed with 116 safety and security features. And as impressive as that number is, the number 97 is even more amazing. Because that's how many safety features you get on every single Pacifica. Standard, not just on some top of the line trim, no, every single one. Because we believe that a vehicle designed to carry up to eight occupants needs to care for every single one.
Those 97 standard safety features give us more than peace of mind. They give Pacifica more standard safety features than any vehicle in the industry, from any manufacturer at any price. That's a commitment to something more than just mobility. And any time we've seen a way to strengthen our vehicle, we've raised the bar on the entire category.
It's fair to say that in 37 years since we launched this category, we've addressed nearly every need and want. And up to this point, there's been but one Achilles heel that we've not addressed. Let's face it, for a vehicle that's all about enabling its drivers to do everything, what's the one excuse that hangs over our head like a cloud? Well, it's not a dark cloud. It's more of a, say, snow cloud. And today I'm proud to say, bring on the snow.
100 million Americans have been hit by a winter storm, packing pretty much everything in the winter arsenal. This is the new all-wheel drive Chrysler Pacifica. And as excited as I am about this new drivetrain, I'm proud to have shared the stage with the Pacific kids for this review. I think they did a great job. Like them, this new Pacifica is going to shake things up.
While we all picture ourselves in our new vehicles alongside some pristine beach on a beautiful sunny day, in reality, life throws its fair share of curveballs. And in the Chicagos and Michigan's of the world, sliders. We know our customers don't live in a bubble. And as great as front-wheel drive is, it can't deliver the traction and directional control of a true all-wheel drive.
So our engineers have leveraged the latest technology to create a world-class all-wheel drive system. A true on-demand all-wheel drive that disconnects to maximize efficiency when front-wheel drive is ideal. The system is fully automatic. It launches in all-wheel drive every time and from that point on decides what the optimal power split should be. If 100% of the power should go to the rear wheels, that's where you'll get it.
This system disconnects the rear wheels when the most efficient use is for front-wheel drive, then reconnects if exterior temps approach free-seat. If your wipers are turned on, if the front wheels slip, or if you have an abrupt throttle input, it even activates on grades or when passing. It is completely seamless. And while most people thought that this drivetrain would come at the cost of stow and go, it hasn't.
The 21 Pacifica delivers all drive and the segment's smartest interior feature simultaneously. We're so excited about this new drivetrain and its benefits that we're actually going to make it available on the current Pacifica starting in 60 days. When it comes to Chrysler and Pacifica, we're all about defining segments and defining moments. And what you see on stage here is yet another.
With its updated athletic look, the 21 Pacifica has more technology, more functionality, and now with the segment's most advanced all-wheel drive system, the segment's most capability, and more standard safety than any other vehicle in the industry. Once more, Chrysler and Pacifica have set the standard. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please hold for press photography.
