and welcome for the next big product news from BMW and BMW i. The best-selling executive sedan
finally enters its eighth generation. Here it is the new BMW 5 series and with two versions it also
finally joins the BMW i family of a hundred percent electric driving pleasure. This is the first ever
BMW i5. The new 5 and the new i5 models move boldly into the future with a cutting-edge
powertrain portfolio catering for all driver wishes and individual lifestyles including new
mild hybrid petrol and diesel models, models with the newest generation of BMW plug-in hybrid drive
and models with the newest generation of BMW fully electric drive. They combine that with
a compelling evolution of the familiar stylish design and with the height of digital BMW control,
infotainment, comfort and assistance technology. So let's get into it. The design of the new 5
brings a new level of modernity, clarity and presence to the known classy exterior shapes.
Looking at the front we recognize all the BMW icons with some striking updates. So the
So the horizontal kidney grille is available with BMW Iconic Low Surround for the new 5,
and emerging from it, the bonnet and the bumper lines form a taut, clear face, just as ever
more elegant or sporty, of course, depending on the model.
And the standard LED lights put an equally understated modern twist on their classic
expression with the four daytime running light stripes.
The silhouette shows the classic mix of sportiness and elegance with its elongated, flowing three-box
shape.
And the vertical profile is aerodynamically smooth and stylish with flush door handles
and just two bold lines.
And at the same time, it's athletic, thanks to the prominent rear wheel houses.
There is the Hofmeister kink in a bold new interpretation.
This five-badging is a first.
And you will notice how this black sill line wrapping all around the back adds more sportiness.
It lowers the visual center of gravity and makes the body appear slim and fast.
Then we have a sophisticated merging of lines and surfaces from the flank into the rear.
Now back here, few precise lines shape the familiar horizontal width.
The iconic L of the rear lights is a very timely twin light design in the new generation
consisting of these four long spread LED elements
and a silver highlight in between.
Now the rear bumper finishes off either athletically
with large black inlays or smartly with fine highlights
and exterior accent color.
Now for all models, the focus here is on aerodynamics,
showcasing the diffuser rather than the exhaust tips
on the combustion engine models.
By the way, sporty BMW M design is not exclusive
to the sportiest model variants of the BMW 5 Series or i5,
as a range of BMW M Performance parts
is available for all models of the new 5.
Now welcome inside the new 5,
where the impression of timely stylishness
and technological sophistication
by focusing on the essential is even stronger.
And this goes across the model line.
Now you'll immediately notice this new defining highlight.
We call this the interaction bar.
And together with the new BMW curved display
floating above the large, clear surface of the instrument
panel, they are the strongest indicators
of the minimalistic digital functionality
of the new generation.
The brilliant glass-look surface of the interaction bar
has touch functionality for important functions
like climate control, exterior lights, and the seats.
And it lights up either for signals
or for ambient lighting in connection to the My Modes.
The BMW curved display is the interface
to the new BMW operating system 8.5
and elevates the digital user experience
to a whole new level.
Now the physical focus of this driver center cockpit
is of course on the steering wheel
or the optional M leather steering wheel
with new multifunctional controls.
Now the control panel in the center console
emerges from this comfortable armrest,
but is visually separated to a very lofty effect
by its optional glass design and ambient lighting.
It has a reduced new control layout
for convenient handling and a great overview.
The seats, again, run the gamut of sportiness and elegance.
They come standard as sport seats
or optional as comfort seats
or M multifunctional seats in a variety of upholstery designs
in the vegan leather alternative Vaganza or Leather Marino.
And the select seat upholstery, of course, matches the other upholstery and surface trims,
including new open-pore wood finishes.
There's even a new sustainable bonus.
For the first time, the 5 is available with vegan materials all over.
And in the rear, well, it goes without saying that the harmonious and modern merge of luxury,
comfort and practicality continues back here.
Just look at this lush rear seat bench with wraparound upholstery extending into the doors.
There's familiar, ample seat room, lifted to even more airiness by the optional Panorama glass roof.
An optional digital climate control panel, including rear seat heating,
provides extra traveling comfort for the rear seat passengers.
The optional travel and comfort sockets with electric connection
add extra convenience for them to use their business or downtime in the new 5.
For example, you can bring and mount your own personal mobile device
and connect it to the in-car Wi-Fi hotspot via the BMW Personal eSIM.
That's the new way of rear seat entertainment in the 5.
Let's hit the road already, shall we?
So the new variety of 5 Series models leaves nothing to desire in terms of a confident
driving experience, perfect for longer journeys and comfortable commuting.
New petrol and diesel models all come with a 48-volt mild hybrid system and
with septronic automatic transmission for state-of-the-art efficiency and
start-stop comfort. Different plug-in hybrid models are released later with
the latest BMW high-voltage battery and plug-in hybrid drive technology. The
plug-in hybrid models are expected to have an electric driving range of up to
a hundred and two kilometers according to WLTP and the new digital hybrid drive
settings menu and BMW operating system 8.5 offers intelligent automatic
regulation and easy individual switch between drive modes so the combination
of reliable long-distance traveling and efficient city driving reaches new
heights of convenience and sustainability and then there are the
all-new BMW i5 models with cutting-edge holistically sustainable all-electric
drive and high-voltage technology. The i5 eDrive 40 offers electric driving
dynamics and comfort with 340 horsepower or 250 kilowatts of power 400 Newton
meters of torque and up to 582 kilometers of driving range according to
WLTP. Still not sporty enough? Well with the new BMW i5 M60 xDrive we can
experience real M typical driving dynamics as well as confident long
distance traveling in an all-electric BMW sedan. Its xDrive is realized with
two electric motors producing a combined system power of 601 horsepower or 442
kilowatts with 820 Newton meters of torque.
Its best in-segment BMW M dynamics
come out best with the optional adaptive M suspension
professional, including active roll stabilization.
And they show themselves in an acceleration
from 0 to 100 kilometers per hour in 3.8 seconds
and a top speed of 230 kilometers an hour.
To round off the motorsport feeling,
it comes with M-specific design highlights
and M-specific BMW iconic sound electric.
Expanding its offer of all electric models,
of course, BMW is far from done improving driving efficiency
but also overall sustainability.
For one thing, the production of the BMW i5
is based on 100% renewable energy
and a socially and ecologically optimized
raw material chain.
In traffic, you can save electric energy
in the BMW i5 with the new max range driving mode.
For example, if you need to save driving range
to skip a defect or occupied charging station on your route.
But for very general purposes too, in max range mode,
the vehicle intelligently optimizes efficiency
by regulating drivetrain and comfort systems.
Moreover, it supports your driving style
with the efficiency trainer display information.
This way you can increase your driving range
by up to 20%.
Of course, all BMW 5 Series and i5 models
offer future-proof BMW efficiency and sustainability.
Starting with these models,
BMW gives you complete transparency
into the overall CO2 footprint of your car
over its entire life cycle.
More of the latest BMW driving assistance technology
realizes the other essential aspects
of a safe, comfortable and joyful BMW driving experience.
The optional driving assistant professional
includes active cruise control
with stop and go functionality,
a starting reminder and distance information
for comfortable city driving.
Additional optional features in some countries
offer assisted driving up to 130 kilometers an hour
for relaxed driving on the motorway.
Now for convenient and safe parking,
the parking assistant professional is available
including automatic maneuvering assistant
and remote control parking.
And what about charging the new plug-in hybrid
and fully electric BMW executive sedans?
Well, in addition to all known practical
and easy products and services,
BMW charging offers some very cool new features.
So the plug-in hybrid BMW 5 Series
and the BMW i5 come with established standard equipment,
including the flexible fast charger
with an updated adapter system
for convenient adaptive charging
at different home locations.
Also included is the BMW charging card
for access to a huge network of public AC, DC,
and high-power charging stations.
So talking about fast charging,
the BMW i5 eDrive 40 and the i5 M60 xDrive
offer DC charging up to 205 kilowatts,
enabling charging times from 10 to 80% in just 30 minutes.
At home, the BMW Wallbox of the third generation
can be your safe, fast, and comfortable
personal charging station.
For the BMW i5, it can provide up to 22 kilowatts
of charging power.
But in selected markets,
the fourth generation BMW Wallbox is also available
from the launch of the BMW i5 and soon everywhere.
Depending on the country, it is available
as part of a connected home charging package,
including installation by a service partner
and digital smart charging services via the My BMW app.
At home and in public, BMW Connected Charging
offers digital charging services
for advanced remote monitoring
and control features via the My BMW app.
In the new plug-in hybrid BMW 5 Series and the i5,
BMW Maps includes updated charging
optimized route features, and in some countries, these models offer the new plug-and-charge
automatic authentication for public charging.
At enabled charging stations, it allows you to just drive up and plug in without the need
to apply a card or scan a QR code.
So how can you put together the perfect 5 Series or i5 model for you?
The easy configuration and offer structure for the new generation includes vastly enriched
standard equipment.
You can then select from a clear offer of option packages for additional driving, technology
and design features fit in your lifestyle and needs.
On top of this, you have a great choice of single options and you can still add features
over the air via Connected Drive upgrades for a certain time or for a lifetime.
When it comes to convenient BMW service, not just for the 5 Series and i5, always included
in your BMW Connected Drive package, there's BMW Proactive Care.
It grants you carefree BMW driving through reliable vehicle data monitoring and proactive
customer contact by your BMW service partner.
As we've already hinted at, all the new digital features in the new BMW 5 Series and i5, as
well as all their familiar ones, meet the user in a new interface with a new user experience
in the standard BMW Live Cockpit Plus
or optional BMW Live Cockpit Professional.
BMW Operating System 8.5 shows a new control display layout
focused on first level interaction
and individualization of the most important features.
With one click, you can return to the main menu
from anywhere in the system.
All the proven high-class digital features
like BMW Comfort Access, including BMW Digital Key,
and in-depth remote vehicle interaction
with the My BMW app are obviously available
in the new generation.
The intelligent personal assistant offers
all up-to-date vehicle interaction and control features,
including proactive suggestions
and enhanced display features,
like the choice between two visualizations,
utterance transcription, and transformational icons.
And on top, the BMW My Modes make their way into the new 5 and i5.
BMW Maps offers enhanced, easy-to-use intelligent and personalized trip planning and navigation
with new display features like augmented view guidance and parking information.
The interior camera optional equipment includes new features not just for safety but also for a joyful drive.
And finally, entertainment in the new 5 and i5 is going to be enriched by the possibility of video streaming,
starting with YouTube and gaming on the control display with Air Console.
So I'm pretty sure you will agree with me that the new BMW 5 Series and the all-new BMW i5
offer the perfect opportunity for discerning BMW drivers to find their sweet spot in a versatile array of executive sedans.
The new model generation lays out a high-class offer of sporty BMW dynamics, confident traveling comfort,
exclusive exterior design, a sophisticated interior atmosphere, and a cutting-edge digital and connected user experience.
All to make up your individual and exclusive BMW experience and sheer driving pleasure.
