Hi everyone, welcome to GreenMonkTV. I'm at SAP headquarters today and I'm talking to Brian Patno of Coda Automotive. Brian, you've got a half a car and a full prototype. Tell me a little bit about Coda Automotive and your half car.
Great. I'd love to. Well, Coda is an all-American, all-electric car company. We're based in Santa Monica, California. And we're very excited to be here to be showing this car. This car was just shown at the LA Auto Show. And we will have this at the Consumer Electronics Show. We'll be in the GE booth. And we'll also be showing this soon at NASA at the Kennedy Space Center. So we have a lot of movement, a lot of high level of interest.
What makes our car unique and different? It's all about the battery. We have a 34 kilowatt battery, lithium-ion, which is 40% larger than our competition, for instance, the Leaf. And we also charge twice as fast. We have a 6.6 kilowatt charging station, onboard charging station, onboard charger. So it's very fast. And you can charge this car from zero to 100% state of charge in less than six hours.
Just under six hours. What also makes us very unique is that we have an active thermal management system. And the reason why that's important is because batteries are like people. We like to be kept at a certain temperature. And so if a battery gets too cold or gets too hot, it loses some of its performance.
And so this car will run at a top speed of 81 miles an hour. But the range of this car is 90 to 120 miles, all weather, all season, which we think is very important. Even on highway driving? Highway driving. Highway driving, 80 miles an hour, air conditioning on.
you can get that kind of range, sure. And the reason why this is important is because most computers live within, there's all kinds of statistics out there, but more than half live and drive within 40 miles of work. And so what we envision is that people will charge at home and then they'll drive to the office and they'll have a level two charger there and they can charge as well.
You can also charge as well with an opportunity charger. You can plug it into the wall, a standard wall socket. And that's it. The car will be available for delivery to consumers in the early part of the second half of next year. So think the June, July time frame-ish. And we're excited to be bringing this car to market. Right now, it's about 40% US content.
And so, which is very exciting, all tier one suppliers, BorgWarner, Delphi, Lear, UQM, you know, very, very top tier one companies that are supplying components for us. And like in today's market, all cars are globally sourced and all cars are part of global collaboration where they're all...
their source from all over the world. The other thing I'd like to tell you is that we've applied for a DOE grant and we're very excited. We're waiting by the phone. If we get permission to move forward, we'll be putting a battery facility in Columbus, Ohio. So we'll be building this battery in Columbus. If that happens, then this car will be 85-90% U.S. content.
This car has an MSRP of $44,885. After rebates in California, you've got your federal tax incentive, you've got your $5,000 California state incentive, so you can take $12,500 off the price, if you will, of the car.
That's because it's running on electricity, and I assume also things like you don't have oil changes. That's correct. It has about one-seventh of the moving parts of a normal internal combustion engine. So you've got a big motor, you've got an inverter, you've got some components, but you don't have the normal types of components on a normal ICE. Think of fan belts, alternators, compressors, you know, that type of thing. Okay, super. Brian, thanks a million for telling us about Coda. Great, thank you.
