The SC1 Vision car is something absolutely unique. It has very, very dramatic proportions. It must be like a dream. It must be about an experience. It's like nothing I've ever sat in, that's for sure. This Vision car is personal pride for the whole team because it is the first ground-up concept car and drivable that this company has done, and that's huge.
The inspiration for the SC1 for me came from a few different areas, California being the base of that. We wanted to celebrate a beautiful place where we're from and where we designed the car. It's like pioneering adventurous passionate look which we want to emphasize.
That kind of spirit, if you will, was a huge part of the inspiration. How can we take that throughout the car? A great example is Howard Hughes. A lot of the planes that he designed and developed really made breakthroughs that modern aviation still uses today, particularly the H1.
When you look at the H1 Racer it's pretty clear that just with a few brush strokes or pen strokes you can capture the design and that's really what we wanted to translate into the SC1 Vision. In design you've got three reads, first read, second read, third read. First read being the proportion, you've got to have these dramatic proportions that really set us apart from the competitors.
The second read would be to see the interior has way more detail than I saw from far away. But because it's actually designed in a way that the driver area is very different than the passenger, it actually makes every angle of this car, when you see it from the outside or inside, different.
The little trim pieces would come as a third look. It would be like a kind of a delicate touch, but definitely a rhythm that you pick up with time. And it just brings everything together. The only thing that actually separates you in between the exterior and the interior is just glass. And it's a perfect combination to a mid-century modern living here in California. You want the top down, you want the sun shining, and really you just want to be as engaged as possible with the vehicle.
We really want you to be able to be connected to the outside and a roadster is a great way to do that. Experiencing this vehicle and driving this vehicle around will give you that feeling that we really want to capture.
