Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Fremont, California. We're out here at the test track of our Fremont factory, just a few meters away from where we actually build all of our Tesla vehicles. We're super excited to have you all here. In fact, almost nine years ago, on June 22nd, 2012, we had our first Model S delivery event right over there in the factory. So we've come a long way in a few years.
We set out to design, engineer, and manufacture the best car in the planet. And we've been working tirelessly every day to try to make that happen. And tonight, we're going to show you the next best version of Model S. And I brought this along because we might be breaking a few records. But more about that later. So let's get Elon out here and have him show you how we made the best car in the world.
The Model S. This is an ambitious goal to create a whole new kind of car. A lot of Wall Street is betting Tesla can't get it done. Thanks for coming and thanks for tuning in. So as Frans was saying, this is nine years since we delivered the first Model S, the first car produced here in Fremont. So almost a decade. And I think we've really taken it to a whole new level with Plaid.
Some of you may know that basically our product plan is stolen from Spaceballs. We've gone plaid speed. What I really wanted to achieve here is why make this really fast car that's crazy fast and everything. I think there is something that's quite important.
to the future of sustainable energy, which is that we've got to show that an electric car is the best car, hands down. So it's got to be clear. It's like, man, sustainable energy cars can be the fastest cars, can be the safest cars, can be the most kick-ass cars in every way. And that's why we did the Plaid, is just to show hands down this is the way to go.
So we've made huge improvements from the original car. Has anyone here bought the early Model S? Thank you for your support. You can see the huge improvements we've made.
And it started off with good performance, but now with Plaid, we've managed to break the two-second barrier, if you will. No production car has ever done 0 to 60 in under two seconds. And this is a four-door car, seats five adults.
et cetera, et cetera. It's like, you know, this thing's moving. I mean, this is like what I call like a limit of physics engineering. It's not relativity. It's like, what does physics say we could do? Because physics is the law and everything else is a recommendation.
So, in addition to a crazy performance, it's also got a longer range. Even with the tri-motor high performance, it's got almost a 400 mile range. And in the dual-motor configuration, it's got a 412 mile range. So, 420 give or take. That joke will never end.
And we've also improved the supercharging speed, so you can get 187 miles of range in 15 minutes. Yeah, so the quickest production car, to be clear, of any kind ever made, like I said, first to ever break the two-second barrier. Later tonight, you'll get a chance to drive around the track, and this is really something you have to feel to believe, because it hits your light right in the limbic system. It's like, damn, like, whoa.
Yeah. It is basically, what is the car that we can, how can we make a spaceship a car, you know? So, hello. See, yep.
And then in terms of additional stats, it's also the fastest production car to complete a quarter mile, so 9.23 seconds. It's got a 200-mile-an-hour top speed, over 1,000 horsepower, almost 400-mile range. Like I said, it charges so fast, it'll be probably done by the time you have a coffee, basically. And talking about some of the details behind it, so we have an all-new battery pack.
And then something we're really proud of is the new carbon-sleeved rotors for the motor. So this is the first time that, to the best of our knowledge, there's been a production electric motor that has a carbon over-wrapped rotor. So this is a super hard thing to do because carbon and copper have
at very different rates of thermal expansion. So in order to do a carbon-over-wrapped rotor, you've got to wind it at extremely high tension. It's a very hard thing to do. We actually had to design the machine that makes the rotor. So no such machine existed before. It also means we can have the electromagnetic field be super efficient and have a tight gap, even at super high RPM. And it's single speed from 0 to 200 miles an hour. So it's just...
The RPM is so crazy that just the centrifugal force wants to expand the rotor. So the carbon overlap actually holds the rotor together. It's like madness. So let's see. In fact, we're going to show you the motor. In fact, you might have had a chance to see the drive unit. And we can go closer. I mean, this is really...
An amazing work of engineering. Yeah. There's just never been an electric motor like this. I mean, you can pick this motor up with your hands and it can accelerate a two-ton car at 60 miles an hour in two seconds. I mean, that kind of power to weight is insane. Yeah. So it goes up to 20,000 RPM and maybe a little more.
We also were able to achieve the lowest drag coefficient of any car ever made.
So really, I think Tesla engineering has outdone itself here. This is a car that looks good, but also gets an incredible drag coefficient. And this is the true drag coefficient of the car, including with wheels in motion. Sometimes you'll hear drag coefficients quoted, but that'll be without the wheels moving. And the wheels cause sort of air churn and incremental drag. And this is the actual drag coefficient of the car.
To have a good looking sports car at that lower draft coefficient is really tough. We also have the latest and greatest in heat pump, which is basically the HVAC system for the car. It's 30% better cold weather range and requires 50% less energy for cabin heating and freezing conditions. You'll see very little degradation in cold weather.
And the radiator is twice as big for a heat rejection. So you'll be able to actually do back-to-back 0 to 60s Go on the track just haul ass and edge will see tonight This cars is going to be over and over again, and it doesn't get winded. I think we got to take this back to maybe the Nürburgring See what happens and then of course You know when we first delivered the model s there were no superchargers anywhere in the world
So back in 2012, no superchargers anywhere. Now there are 25,000 superchargers all around the world. We opened at 30 just in the last week. And we're just going to keep going so that you can basically travel anywhere you want with peace of mind, super easy, keep increasing the power of the superchargers. You know, we're 250 kilowatts, so obviously that will start going to...
280, 300, 350, yeah. And then it's also engineered for maximum safety as well. In fact, this is designed to be our aspiration for this car. It still has to be tested by the US government, but we think we can get the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested. In fact, these are the actual NHTSA probability of injuries numbers. All top five cars
with the lowest probability of injuries ever tested. All five are Teslas. So, with the Plaid Model S, what you have is a car that is faster than, quicker than any sports car, and faster than any Porsche, safer than any Volvo. In the same car. That's insane. It's like, you know. Yeah. So.
And then the design, we've obviously made a lot of refinements to the exterior, and then we've completely redone the interior. So I think once you drive the new Model S, it really feels like you're driving the future. And especially non-Tesla cars are going to feel very last century. So all new interior. As you can see, we changed the orientation of the main screen, so it's easier to watch movies and that kind of thing in landscape.
Yeah, exactly. I mean, in other notes, we have ventilated front seats. So, yeah. Anyway, it's, I think it's really, you drive around and it really feels like, okay, we're in 2021. Great.
We have this yoke steering wheel, which is a little different, but I think once you try it, you'll think it's great. The visibility of the main screen is super clear, especially for autopilot. So you can see the entire panoramic view. You can basically see the mind's eye of the car. And yeah, it's really cool. And then we've gotten rid of the stalks.
I think generally all input is error. If you have to do something that the car could have done already, that should be taken care of. The software should just do it.
So you can actually just literally walk up to the car, it senses that you're approaching, unlocks the car based on your phone, it just basically pairs with your phone, knows that you're coming to the car, opens the door, it extends the handle, you sit down, and you just drive. You don't have to press drive or anything like that. The car knows you want to drive. The figure's like, yeah, good guess.
And then it's using the autopilot system to know where the obstacles are. So obviously, if there's something in front of you, you want to go backwards. And if there's something in back of you, you want to go front, most likely. And then it will adapt to your needs. So if it sees that you're always changing to reverse or forward in particular situations, it'll try to remember that.
and geocoded to that location so then you won't have to do it in the future. It will just keep minimizing the amount of input that you need to do until the car just reads your mind. So it's going to be great.
We redesigned the interior so that the front IP is actually slimmer and thinner, so we were able to move the front seats forward, giving more room to the back seat, and we reclined the back seat more and reduced the interior trim.
Basically, the current model S, the back seat is not amazing, but the new one, it's actually a legit back seat. It's good. I think it's quite a comfortable back seat and you've got also a rear screen and you can control everything from the back.
dual inductive charges for your phones in the back and dual inductive in the front. It's a 36 watt power supply, so you can actually charge your laptop or anything. It's a 36 watt USB-C.
It can also pair with multiple Bluetooth devices simultaneously. So multiple people could be controlling music or somebody could be playing a video game. So it can do multiple wireless things simultaneously.
And then, similar to the Model 3 and Y, instead of having air vents, we use intersecting columns of air. And we just vary the speed of the air. So there's no vents that you can see. And you can just touch the screen and move the screen around, and it'll just move the air wherever you want it. And the air is much more diffuse. It just feels like an invisible air conditioning system. It's great.
And it's a tri-zone, so there's a zone for the rear and a front and left front, right front zone. And then the 17-inch touchscreen is, it feels like a movie theater. The sound is incredible. And yeah, so.
It's like a home theater experience. So if you're sitting somewhere waiting, or for whatever reason, or at a supercharger, you can just catch up on your favorite Netflix show, or iTunes, or whatever the case may be, YouTube. And of course, you can also play video games. And the same thing for the rear. Basically, the system feeds all three screens. And so you can do things in the front, rear. It's great.
We have an all new sound system designed by Tesla Audio. And we have acoustic glass throughout the car. So the car is very quiet when going down the highway. Even at very high speeds, like you're doing 100 miles an hour, it's still quiet.
And this is a Tesla-designed codec, so it will keep uploading improved versions of the sound system. It's completely software-defined. So we'll keep tweaking it and dynamically adjusting to whether you're using streaming or whether it's coming via Bluetooth for your phone or different streaming services. And if the data rate changes, it'll adapt that.
So basically, it always sounds good. And that's just going to get better. And then we've got an old, new UI. So we really want waypoints. OK, does everybody here want waypoints? All right, fine. We'll do waypoints. God damn it. All right. We'll do waypoints. Fine.
But obviously, it also interfaces with your calendar. So basically, if you just get in the car and you just swipe down from Navigate, you don't have to enter anything. Just swipe down. The car will automatically figure out if you want to go to home, work, or what's on your calendar. So it'll default to calendar priority. And obviously, if you're at home and it's kind of a weekday or whatever, it assumes you're going to go to work. So you just swipe down. It automatically navigates to work and checks traffic and gives you an optimal route.
So it's just a nice little easy thing. And you can actually set it to automatically generate the most probable route. So you just get in, and it's going to guess what route you want, and you don't have to press anything. So anyway, the UI is basically easy to move around, expand, contract, shift music to the left, to the right. And we're going to keep improving it. So basically, it feels like a modern tablet or phone.
And then, it's not PS4, it's PS5. So, I think there's never been a car that has state-of-the-art computing technology, state-of-the-art infotainment, where this is literally at the level of a PlayStation 5. So, yeah. I mean, if you think about the future where the car is often in
autopilot or full self-driving mode, then entertainment is going to become increasingly important. So you're going to want to watch movies, play games, use the internet, just little things you want to do if you're not driving. And this is actual PlayStation 5 level performance. We're going to try to do a gaming demo. Yes, it can play cyberpunk. So this is somebody playing the car right now.
So playing live. So it's pretty great. Have fun in the game. It's going to be great. Alright. So high frame rate will do 60 frames a second with state-of-the-art games. Alright, so we've got incredible performance, interior of the future. I think engineering, that's practically alien.
So, like I said, the, you know, simultaneously the safest car in the world and the fastest. This is insane. So, we also got like, look at some things like the power curve. So, I think this really illustrates the difference. It maintains a thousand horsepower all the way up to 200 miles an hour. This car crushes. All right. So, yes. All right, and deliveries begin now.
So we're in production. We're going to deliver the first 25 cars now. And then basically we should be at several hundred cars per week soon and 1,000 cars a week probably next quarter. So please enjoy. We put a lot of work into this. I'd like to thank the incredible work of the Tesla engineering and production teams.
My hat is off to Tesla Engineering Production Design, the whole group. They really put their heart and soul into this, so I hope you enjoy it. So let's deliver some cars!
