The Mazda CX-30 is our new crossover that is masterfully crafted with class-leading standard horsepower, a sleek, bold new design and an elegant new interior. In the city, the CX-30 lets you take on narrow streets, navigate tight corners and slip into parking spots with ease. It is sleek, bold and designed to give you and your passengers the freedom to go anywhere in comfort and style.
It's the perfect size for those looking for a five-passenger CUV with a bigger interior space. It's all you need to live life on the go and make every mile a pleasure. Settle into the driver's seat of the Mazda CX-30 and you discover a cabin designed to make you feel confident and inspired while letting your passengers truly relax.
The cabin features a symmetrical layout with all the gauges angled toward you. Your passengers get plenty of room, extra wide center and door armrests for added comfort and a rear AC vent. The premium crafted interior surrounds you with quality you can see and feel in every detail. Stitching reminiscent of the finest leather goods, every detail made sleek and bold to create a rich refined space with a handmade feel.
Music is rich with the sound studio quality of the bespoke Bose audio system. This available audio system's 12 strategically placed speakers deliver an immersive experience for a crisp, clear and impactful soundtrack to your drive.
The spacious interior with an EPA cargo volume of 20.2 cubic feet also gives you plenty of room for your luggage or your pets. And the available power rear liftgate and high cargo compartment height makes it easy to load and unload.
The design of the CX-30 combines the versatility of a CUV with a sleek, flowing beauty that transcends its category. It's the result of our evolving KODO Soul of Motion design philosophy. The reflections in the sculpted body are always changing and capture the interplay of light and shadow, transforming the CX-30 into a moving canvas.
The blacked-out lower cladding not only protects the body, it also enhances the CX-30's sleek and flowing proportions, and the available 18-inch wheels create a sense of depth and enhance the movement of light with the spokes three-dimensional look. The available adaptive front lighting system was designed to create the appearance of a solid mass of light by integrating all lamp functions into a single cylindric shape.
We also move the directional indicator lamps to the lower front bumper and they flash to their own rhythm as if pulsating, leaving an afterglow. And the narrow rear LED taillights blend into the CX-30's gate.
Get behind the wheel of the CX-30 and you'll discover nimble, easy handling performance that will inspire confidence from the moment you shift into drive. The responsive SKYACTIV-G engine delivers class-leading standard horsepower with 186 horsepower.
The CX-30 is responsive and feels light and maneuverable whether you're accelerating from a stoplight or passing on the highway. The Off-Road Traction Assist is also there for you if you decide to take your journey off the pavement. Once activated, the Off-Road Traction Assist reduces wheel spin by applying brake force to wheels without traction and driving torque to each tire touching the ground. Traction is maximized to smoothly move the CX-30 over the terrain.
Every aspect of the vehicle is designed to make the driver feel natural and balanced. By monitoring a wide spectrum of sensors throughout the car, our predictive all-wheel drive and G-Vectoring Control Plus work in sync to proactively deliver optimized torque to the wheels, helping you maintain control no matter the road or weather conditions. But this is about more than safety. Together, these two tightly integrated systems act as a performance feature.
You don't notice any of these precise adjustments as they happen, but you're very aware of how you feel as you drive. And that feeling is what drives everything we do at Mazda.
Minimalist yet intuitive, the Mazda Connect infotainment system enables the driver to connect with the world around them while not taking away from the driving experience. The multifunction commander control frees you to navigate between selections while keeping your focus on the road. Your selections are displayed on a colorful 8.8 inch wide center screen that's angled toward you for easy visibility.
Voice commands can now be spoken the way you talk, rather than the way a computer thinks. One command is all it takes. If you want to find the nearest gas station, simply say, find the nearest gas station, and a list will be displayed on the screen.
When combined with the MyMazda app, the Mazda Connect services with Wi-Fi elevate your driving experience by letting you map your route, remotely start your engine, and control your door locks from the convenience of your smartphone. Available Apple CarPlay integration allows you to access your iPhone's compatible apps with your voice through Siri. Android Auto integration is also available.
Safety for you and your passengers comes first in the CX-30. It comes standard with powerful Eye Active Sense advanced safety technologies. Smart Brake Support helps detect vehicles and pedestrians in your path, even at night, and applies the brakes if necessary.
The Lane Departure Warning System detects and alerts when your vehicle is about to unintentionally depart from its lane, while the Lane Keep Assist helps keep you centered in your lane by performing minor steering corrections upon sensing an unintentional lane departure. Driver Attention Alert warns you if you become inattentive or too tired to keep driving, and the Mazda Radar Cruise Control with Stop and Go function maintains your set speed and minimum following distance from traffic ahead.
Rear Cross-Traffic Alert and Blind Spot Monitoring alert you with visual and auditory cues when a vehicle is approaching. You'll also enjoy the protection of standard front airbags, side air curtains and knee airbags, and an all-new body architecture that resists and absorbs impact energy to reduce the possibilities of injury in the event of an accident.
Sleek, bold and ready to go anywhere, the Mazda CX-30 is something entirely new in the compact CUV category. Take a test ride and discover it for yourself.
