Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this new edition of Fleet Europe's Virtual Fleet Lounge. My name is Steven Schufs, Chief Editor of Fleet Europe. The Virtual Fleet Lounge is Fleet Europe's initiative to help fleet decision makers get the necessary insights of new car models. And this with a focus on car fleet related criteria. Like total cost of ownership, residual value, technology and safety.
With Kia Motors Europe as our virtual fleet lounge partner, we present today the all-new Kia Optima range. And our guest is Mr. Mark Howlett, Fleet Sales Manager, Kia Motors Europe. He will explain why Kia can be the perfect choice for your corporate fleet program by presenting the all-new Kia Optima range, composed among others of the Kia Optima Sport Wagon and the Optima PH EV, Kia's first plug-in hybrid model.
Enjoy your virtual fleet lounge. Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to this Kia Business Update and virtual fleet launch of the all-new Kia Optima range. As many of you will I'm sure agree, the Kia brand has become a trusted brand in Europe, clearly demonstrated by the significant sales growth over recent years.
2016 was the eighth consecutive year of increased new car sales and a record year for Kia in Europe, with 436,000 new Kia vehicles sold to European customers. I'm proud to say that this amounts to a 14% increase versus the previous year. There are a number of reasons for this success. One is outstanding quality. Another is great value for money in terms of features and equipment. But the most important of all, I believe, is Kia's total cost of ownership proposition.
which, in economic times such as ours, makes Kia the perfect choice for company fleets. Let me prove it to you by introducing the all-new Kia Optima. The new Kia Optima Sportswagon is adaptable, versatile and full of space for any private or business purpose. The smart power tailgate lets you open the generous trunk hands-free. And when that's not big enough for your purposes and you need the maximum room, simply fold down the seats of the second row.
At the touch of a button, the rear seats split with a ratio of 40 to 20 to 40, so you can still accommodate at least one rear passenger. To stop luggage from moving into the cabin, there's a built-in safety barrier net that keeps even large and heavy items safely stored. With so much flexibility, there's always space for a little more. That way, everyone gets to come along for the ride. After all, the new Kia Optima Sportswagon is about enjoying every journey to the fullest.
Now, especially in a business car, the name of the game is staying connected and the new Kia Optima Sportswagon offers plenty of ways to do so. A feature I particularly like is the wireless phone charger. Simply place your smartphone on the charging pad in the central console and have it charged by induction during the ride. The Kia navigation system comes with a free 7 year map update and Kia's connected services. Kia's connected services keep you perfectly in touch and informed.
With real-time traffic updates every two minutes, you'll always stay up to date on the road. In addition, you get weather forecasts, can find places of interest via the local search function, and are warned of speed cameras. Thanks to Android Auto and Apple CarPlay, both Android and Apple phones can be synced to the system. The premium Harman Kardon sound system, with eight speakers and a subwoofer, makes for top quality sound and entertainment.
Now, as a fleet manager, you want your company car drivers to stay as safe as possible at all times. Let me tell you, the new Kia Optima Sportswagon gives you complete peace of mind in that respect. For instance, the Lane Keeping Assist system, which helps you to stay on course by monitoring the road ahead, is only one of its many clever active safety features. A camera in the windscreen keeps focus on the car's position.
As soon as you veer out of the lane and cross the road markings without indicating, the system alerts you with a visual and a warning sound, and it applies a slight counter-steering torque to prevent the new Kia Optima Sportswagon from moving out of the lane. But the technology can do even more to keep your fellow workers safe. In combination with the front camera I mentioned previously, the new Optima comes with a host of technologies to help prevent rear-end collisions.
It sports an autonomous emergency braking system that uses the radar and camera to monitor the car's distance to the vehicles in front, as well as relative speed. When the system detects a collision risk, it alerts with a warning message and an alarm. If the driver doesn't respond quickly enough, it applies the brakes automatically to avoid or mitigate an accident. Designed for various environments, from high speed areas to urban roads, the system even recognises pedestrians.
See? It's a whole new level of safety. It's not just a well-equipped car. It's the overall build quality and the ownership experience that makes everybody at Kia Motors so very proud. And that's why we're so confident to back all Kia cars with the industry-leading Kia 7-year 150,000 kilometre warranty, ensuring peace of mind for fleet managers and owners alike.
Maybe I should mention at this point that the all-new Optima Sportswagon is just one of the variants that we launched into the market in 2016. If your emphasis is on environmental credentials, then perhaps you should consider the all-new Optima Hybrid, which of course is equipped with the same safety and convenience features as its sibling. While we're at it, let me introduce you to the other launches we have recently seen in Europe. Here is the all-new Kia Sportage, our C-segment sports utility vehicle.
which in 2016 built on the great success of the previous generation model with record annual sales results in its first full year on sale. Then there's the all-new Kia Niro, Kia's first purpose-built hybrid electric crossover with CO2 emissions as low as 88 grams per kilometer and numerous fuel saving technologies creating yet another compelling TCO proposition for Kia in the increasingly dynamic crossover segment.
But 2016 has not only been a significant year for Kia in terms of new product development, it's also been a great year for the brand in terms of industry recognition. In its 2016 Initial Quality Study, the global market research company JD Power recognized the Kia brand as the highest-scoring brand out of 33 participating in the study.
This was the first time in 27 years that a non-premium brand has topped the rankings. Ranking number one in the entire industry for initial quality is the result of a long-standing focus on craftsmanship and continuous improvement, and reflects the voice of Kia customers, which is the ultimate affirmation. As the highest ranked brand in the industry for 2016, there is no doubt Kia products represent world-class build quality.
and it is on this note that we would like to invite you to find out for yourselves. The Kia Motors Europe organization forms just one arm of the world's fifth largest automaker and there is a dedicated key account management division willing and able to support international fleets with a whole host of mobility solutions. From simply providing world-class Kia cars to test and put onto the fleet to ensuring a coordinated international and local key account management service to our customers.
So in conclusion, I'd like to encourage you to get in touch with a member of the Kia Motors fleet team. Our account management team is willing and able to demonstrate how the Kia Motors organization can support your business. Thank you very much for your time and attention. We hope to speak to you soon.
Thank you very much Mark for your comprehensive presentation. We wish you a lot of success with the all new Kia Optima range. The recorded version of this virtual fleet lounge will be available on our website www.fleet Europe.com. For further questions about the Kia range we invite you to reach out to the Kia Motors Europe team. See you next time for a new episode of the virtual fleet lounge. Thank you.
