there was this strong idea in my head before I even put the first sketch on paper.
I had this vision of the car. I started my first sketches, did the proposals, a couple of views,
presented, got selected for model. We were competing with each other for a couple of months
and bit by bit along the way my model remained as a contender. It was like more than a year after
that the model was finally selected. That was probably the best day in my life,
in my professional life for sure, that my original sketch, the work that was done all along,
was finally selected to go into production. This was a big moment for me. We always had this
working title in mind, Sedan 2.0, because we did want to make a big leap, right? We wanted to make
it look absolutely new, to look different than the predecessor. And we did this by giving it this
curved roof shapes inspired by TT, inspired by other Audis of the past heritage in our
design DNA is very important.
So this is the key aspect and this brings you into a rear end where the trunk lid is
rather short and you have a cookie shaped roof line.
And this gives a really nice silhouette but with a short deck lid would not be too practical.
So actually then incorporating a long deck lid, a long trunk that opens all the way up
with the window is a total highlight that even for me as a designer offers
this cool blend into functionality and style at the same time. As a whole it's
really something new. These are some of the views of the sketches of this car.
You can clearly see the front sitting really low. It's this kind of down-road
graphics that make it look powerful and confident at the same time. It's showing
how strong the Quattro blisters are on this car. They really are part of the
volume. It's something that grows out of the body like real muscle. That gives the
car a really strong three-dimensional feel and a very athletic stance. We have
the single frame grille but that has a new proportion so it's the really low
and wide honeycomb grille. We have deliberately squeezed it in this
direction to give it a new presence, a new sporty look. Headlights that stretch
from the single frame grille are really slim. We have incorporated all the
functions and made it really slim elegant. We have integrated door handles
first time on a combustion engine car. We have a really clean side thanks to that.
We have a sculpted rear where the spoiler stands very upright and forms
with a deck lid, forms a really sharp contrast and this in such a nice way is
integrated with the rear light and I think it looks stunning when you drive
behind and you see this stripe and the digital OLED graphics. It has such a bold
attitude. I really look forward to see the car on the road. There's a line that
comes from the single frame grille, runs through, we have light, sharp edge running
over the side, taking the door handles running all over the rear into the rear
light stripe. Basically it's an equator and that sort of splits light and shadow
giving it this punch, this extreme sporty athletic attitude. It's always been my
biggest dream as a designer even before becoming a designer to do a car that's
becoming a production car and to do that sketch and to get it through to
production. It's the biggest gratification you can have as a designer.
someone wishing life after this in some way