At Rolls-Royce Motorcars perfection is not just a word, it is our inspiration, it is our motivation, it is what we strive for endlessly and in everything we do. Our great brand is defined by its relentless pursuit of perfection and it has been for more than a century. Indeed it was our founder Sir Henry Royce who stated
Small things make perfection. Perfection is no small thing. Even though more than 120 years have passed since he spoke these words, perfection remains at the very heart of what we do as we pioneer a bold new era of luxury. The world around us is rapidly changing.
Luxury goods are increasingly sought after as expressions of an individual, a reflection of each client's personality and values, as well as a marker of their achievements. And so our restless ambition, our obsession with perfection is more important than ever. We must be bold. We must be pioneers, just as our founders were.
For Rolls-Royce, electrification has been a conversation since 1900, when Charles Rolls prophesied an electric future for automobiles. Charles Rolls and Henry Royce took the qualities they so admired in electric drive, silence, power, refinement, and developed the best car. And the car which was so perfectly serene and powerful
It felt almost supernatural. And the experience these two men curated did not shout. This incredible legacy has led us to where we are today. The start of an exciting new chapter as we introduce the world's first ultra-luxury electric super coupe. Rolls-Royce Spectre is something completely new. A prophecy fulfilled. A promise kept.
and an undertaking completed. I promised that Rolls-Royce would deliver a fully electric motor car in this decade and I keep my word. The Rolls-Royce team are the only people in the world I would trust to deliver on my promise. More than 2,000 of the world's most creative designers expert crafts people and truly gifted engineers.
Our designers obsessively refined Spector's form referencing Phantom Coupe, its spiritual predecessor. They had dramatized Spector's generous proportions and established the electric super coupe aesthetic, opening a new chapter for Rolls-Royce design. And they did this using as few pen strokes as possible.
Our engineers were equally driven by this notion of refinement as they honed the Rolls-Royce experience. An experience which, as always, is defined by perfect waftability, perfect serenity, and perfect silence. An experience over and above anything else in the world built upon the Rolls-Royce architecture of luxury. Because Spectre is a Rolls-Royce first,
and an electric car second. For Spectre, we conceived the most punishing testing program of any Rolls-Royce. A 2.5 million kilometer pursuit of perfection. Not just testing Spectre, constantly refining it, tuning it, and messing it. Ensuring that Spectre is the Rolls-Royce experience in ultra high definition.
Spectre represents the future of our brand and the new era of luxury. I'm enormously proud to present to you now Rolls-Royce Spectre.