Some years ago we did a creative workshop in Paris.
I could afterwards define what this car should be in my eyes.
Paris is one of the most advanced and prestigious cities in the world
and it has a lot of history.
Prestige, luxury, history, this car should have all of it.
My name is Maximilian Nauka, I'm an interior designer at Audi.
When talking about the interior design of the current A8,
prestige was the basis of developing the car. How did we achieve this? First of all
is creating width, because width is for us the definition of luxury in a car.
Then of course the black panel architecture which integrates seamlessly
the screens in the dashboard and in the center console. As a design team we said
okay craftsmanship this is what the Audi customer knows and what he expects. It's
super nice leather, authentic wood, stitches that are like perfectly made
and we were like, okay, this is craftsmanship.
We want to transfer into the digital world.
On any screen, which you can see in the car,
on any graphics, there was a person sitting
and finding it and sketching it,
and looking after that we get this high end,
high definition graphics.
Overall, if you include the screens in the back,
six screens into the car,
they should not look like screens put somewhere on.
They had to be integrated seamlessly,
giving a perfect ergonomics to the customer
because the screens are coming closer to the driver and the passenger and they're easier to reach.
This car should have something which no other Audi is going to have.
And I think this is exactly what we made with the vans.
They are just coming out when you need them.
Even the movement itself, it's the best technology you can get.
The back of the car, it's equivalent to the front row
because we integrated the design of the front center console.
We have the S-Con which is like a piece you can just take off and you can control everything.
It's the screens, it's the sun shades, the seat heating, the cooling, the massages.
The massage, by the way, is awesome.
The Matrix reading light.
So this was a nice transfer from the technique we get from the exterior,
because the headlights have this Matrix light, so this is pretty unique.
And it has to be really spacious.
I really just invite you to get into the car and sit down in the back and just enjoy it.
It's amazing.
Since the beginning, we had the aim to create one interior,
and one room you really feel, no matter where you're sitting in, you feel, wow, this is a luxury car.
It's defining the DNA of Audi every time a new A8 is coming onto the market.
We have to shift it into this digital environment we are now living in, and this car should not just match, it should define.
It's always cool to make a big step. This car is not an evolution, it's a revolution.