The new Hyundai Sonata isn't just another car, it's a better car. And to show you how, we've invited a Toyota Camry owner to come and take it for a test drive to see for herself how the Sonata makes every mile better. But what she doesn't know is that at the end of the test drive, she'll be given a chance to win a cash prize by answering specific questions about the features and specifications of the Sonata that I'll reveal over the course of the day. So listen carefully or you might miss something.
Let's meet Katie. Hi, my name is Katie and I'm from New Hampshire. I own a Toyota Camry and I was asked to come down here to check out the new Hyundai Sonata. Really excited to see what it looks like, so here we go. Hi Andrew. Thanks for coming in. Thanks for having me. Oh wow. This is the car. What do you think? It's sexy. I like it.
I've never seen this color before. This is the 2018 Hyundai Sonata Limited model. It's got a refreshed exterior and interior. On the outside, the premium exterior features include modern LED lighting and prominent grille. You want to take a look inside? Yeah. In here, it offers optional ventilated seats and the rear view camera comes standing. What do you think? I love this interior. I love the blue trim. That's nice, man. It's so cool. It's very eye-catching. It feels very modern.
Want to take it for a drive? Yes. Ready to go? Awesome. Press the button. She purrs. She purrs. She purrs. So, Katie, we'd like to offer you a drive on one of the most picturesque roads in California, the Angeles Crest Highway. Have you ever driven it? I've never driven it before, no. Excellent. Let's go check it out. Okay, Katie, you've had a chance now to get a feel for the Sonata. How does it feel to you in terms of driving dynamics? What does it feel like?
It's extremely comfortable. It's a really smooth ride, especially around these bends in the mountains. I was quite surprised by that. Now tell me about the kind of driving you do. I mean, this is sort of more an adventure drive. Do you do this kind of drive sometimes? I love these kinds of drives. I do these kinds of drives all the time. My husband and I love to go out exploring new areas. But then again, I'm an event bartender. You're also a musician, right? I am a musician. Are there any features of the Sonata that would be really particularly useful for that?
Well, first the space. There's a ton of space in the back seat. I was kind of taken aback by that. The trunk is enormous. I can fit everything I need to in there. But one of the coolest features that I found that would really help is the smart trunk because you don't need to use your hand to open it. So when I'm lugging out all my guitars and my amps and everything and my hands are full, I can just
stand behind the trunk and there it goes. With all that technology, is it important to have a great warranty? That is extremely important to me, especially with the way everything, like we said, advancing with all the technology, it's good to have something to rely on. Right. Well, Hyundai has America's best warranty. It also, for eight consecutive years, has been ranked number one in customer loyalty. Does that make sense to you? That speaks volumes about the company. Their priority is the customer itself, which is very important. Excellent. You're sold.
I'm pretty sold. I'm sold too. Katie, over the course of the day I've spoken a lot about the interior and exterior design features of this car. Now I'm going to give you the chance to win up to $500 in cash prizes by answering some simple questions about the 2018 Hyundai Sonata.
Five questions, $100 cash prize per question. OK. Ready for this? Yeah. Let's do it. All right. First question, simple true or false, the 2018 Hyundai Sonata offers ventilated front seats. True. True. One. One question right. Next question, what feature that you use today is standard on all 2018 Sonatas? Now, it's tough, because there's several answers to that. Seven-inch screen? Seven-inch screen is correct. Yay! Well done. Excellent.
Next question. Again, true or false? The 2018 Sonata features refreshed exterior and interior style. True. True. You're just crushing this. You were listening. I was listening. Next question. OK. Hyundai has been rated number one for the last eight years in what category? Customer service. Close. Customers that keep coming back are extremely... Customer loyalty. Customer loyalty. That's exactly right. Last question. Fifth question. Fill in the blank. Hyundai has America's best...
warranty warranty five out of five and you've done so well five out of five amazing I'm gonna give you one bonus question just for giggles because I had a spare one in my pocket okay name for me one premium exterior design feature that we talked about today LED headlights headlights if I had another hundred dollars I'd give it to you a full perfect score Katie thank you thank you for coming out with 2018 Hyundai Sonata I had a fantastic day not only that you answer all the questions right you rock
My favorite feature today was definitely the ventilated seats. I've never felt anything like that before and that would come in handy on a hot day in LA. So I just want to thank Hyundai for giving me the opportunity to check out your new Sonata, give me this gorgeous drive up through the mountain. How can you beat that? The 2018 Hyundai Sonata, our best Sonata ever.