to make all the right moves to achieve this goal. And despite the current economic situation, we are willing and able to make investments. Next to the current economic crisis, we have a number of...
So it's really an honor to be here. And it's been both an honor and a pleasure to work with Daimler over the past 18 months on our collaboration on the SMART project. And now it's really fantastic that Daimler has chosen to invest in Tesla and also look at expanding the strategic cooperation in other areas.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. We are about to combine the best of both old and new school. We are all aware of our strategy towards sustainable mobility, including its three pillars. The consequent optimization of our high-tech combustion engines, second,
The further efficiency increase via hybridization, and finally, emission-free driving with electric drives as our third pillar. And this is exactly what we are talking about today.
We started this strategic partnership with Tesla and it's about 10% share in Tesla because we are deeply convinced that the spirit of these companies fits perfectly together.
industry with a lot of experience with all these quality activities we needed in the past to bring top quality products to the market in combination with these fast-growing flexible speedy company out of California that will help us to bring this new technology faster to the market and that's what we need.
We have decided that together with Tesla we are able to bring the smart e-drive with lithium monon battery technology to the market starting end of this year as a statement and the next statement is that we will go into a small volume of about a thousand smarts that will bridge the time frame we need to bring our own lead tech
based battery concept to the market and therefore I believe the customer now can expect to have a smart available with eDrive, zero emission with a top battery pack on board based on this Tesla concept.
This is a great partnership because it is really mutually beneficial. You have Tesla which has expertise in battery electric transportation, battery electric technology, and then you've got Daimler which has a tremendous experience in vehicle engineering, high production, quality, safety, all the things that constitute the rest of the automotive equation.
We've been working together for 18 months on the Electric Smart. So the two companies have already a strong working relationship. As long as we're just starting out on the relationship, we've been working together already for a year and a half. There's a great deal of mutual respect for one organization to the other. That's why Daimler was interested in investing. It's why we wanted to take an investment from Daimler.
Excuse me. Thank you. Thank you.