Hello and welcome wherever you are in the world to this very special occasion, the global livestream reveal of the Volvo S60, the new Volvo S60. I'm Jason Barlow, and we're coming to you live from the Volvo Ocean Race Village in sunny Gothenburg. Not so sunny at the moment, but we're all good. Based in a custom-built rain-repellent pop-up studio here. Now, I've been joined by a panel of hand-picked Volvo experts primed to answer questions about the new S60. Not just my questions, but yours too. This is really important, delivered to us via...
Facebook so please please fire away this is your golden opportunity to get to the heart of the new machine okay speaking of which let's get down to business as I speak something big is happening close to Charleston in South Carolina where the new s60 has literally just been revealed to a VIP audience and worldwide media here's what Volvo CEO Hawkins Samuelson had to say
This is a milestone for Volvo and with this factory Volvo is now truly global with the three home markets and where the factories have their role in the global production system. So this factory makes Volvo stronger and it's also the important foundation for our further growth.
That's Charleston in the US, back here in Gothenburg. Well, here it is, the new S60 looking resplendent and red. It really does. And I'm delighted to say that three senior Volvo personnel have joined me here in the pop-up studio, all looking equally resplendent. Let's meet them. Tisha Johnson, Vice President of Interior Design. Hello. Ragnar Krona, Senior Product Manager. And Anna Hartelius, Director of Brand Strategy and Consumer Journey. Evening, everyone. How are we? Yes, super excited.
It's a very cool looking car, I have to say. Anna, the new S60, it marks, as well as being an important new car, it marks a major new chapter for Volvo too.
Yes, so we are increasing our presence in the US. So we have new cars, new engines, a new factory that's being launched today. We are a Swedish brand, but with three home markets. And it's very important for us to be able to build the cars where we plan to sell them. So the S60 will be built in the US. It will hopefully be sold a lot in the US, but it will also be sold in other places as well, of course.
But I also just want to mention that two and a half years ago we made a very bold statement. And we said we're going to completely renew our whole portfolio of products. And this is now the last one being rolled out, fulfilling that promise.
You must feel super good about that. Yes. Ragnar, you've obviously built a few already, because there's one out there. Apparently. Yeah, that's good to see. And there's also one upstairs. What are we looking at here, then? What have we got? What we have behind us here is the brand new S60 R design in a lovely, Fusion Red color. Punchy color. Exactly. It really is. And it's powered by a T6 all-wheel drive engine, more than 300 horsepower.
On top of us, we have turned up the volume even more. It's a new S60 poster engineered, powered by the iconic T8 engine, delivering 450 horsepower combined with electrical and petrol. 450 horsepower. Tisha, the S60 also really does emphasize your global leadership in design. I'm not just saying that. It's a beautiful-looking car. Yeah, we're very proud of the car.
you know, a great time to be a designer at Volvo. And you can see this car really delivers. It's truly a luxury sports sedan in every way. And it really starts from the proportions. It's got a really nice long wheelbase. We've really pushed that front wheel forward and created then a very short.
Front overhang. Deep waste as well. Deep waste, yeah. It's very athletic. You see a closed cabin, so what you end up with, that all just creates a very sporty luxury statement. OK, we're going to take some questions now from the community around the world, Facebook by principally. Chris asked this one for you, Tisha, I think. What blue colours will be available? Very specific, but important, colours important. It's an important question. We have actually 14 colours to
that you can choose from. But the blue, we have a bursting blue. That's more of a metallic blue. It's very deep and rich. And then we have a darker blue, denim blue. That color is darker, and it really works very nicely with the blonde interior. We'll come back on that, obviously, and talk about design a little bit more. Here's a question from Anthony from Facebook. When will the new Volvo plant in South Carolina be open? Will we see some of the footage? Anna, when is it open?
It is open. So we have already produced cars there. This one, of course, is built there. But it will not be until the end of August that we will build cars that you can actually buy. But it's up and running.
OK, and I believe, Ragnar, you've got some new neighbours there already in Charleston. Yes, I think the alligators have moved in already in the small ponds that we have around the plant to pick up the hurricane water, yeah. OK, but seriously, the ramping up phase, this phase, a whole new factory, new employees. I mean, it's great news, but very demanding at this stage as well, isn't it? Yes, a new car in a new plant is really demanding.
So we choose to start the first half year to produce cars for Europe.
Oh, sorry, for US only. And then we will move on to our other home markets, China and Europe and the rest of the world. OK, well, this is an important one, obviously, the world we're living in and some of the commitments that Volvo has made. Rick, he loves his S60. He's planning to move from an older one to a newer electric one. Great news, you've got him already. But what's the timeline on the S60 plug-in hybrid? Let's actually open that up a little bit, Ragnar, and talk about some of the other engine variants. What have we got?
Yeah, so right now for the US launch we have the T6 AWD with the 313hp and we have a T5 FWD as well. Later this year, just before the year shift, also the plug-in hybrid or the twin engine, T8 twin engine will be available, so then Rick should be happy.
No diesel? No diesel is planned and it's pretty straightforward. The S60 is focusing on our two home markets, US and China, and they don't care about diesel anyway. We hope a lot of European customers will be interested in the new S60 as well, but it's not the main market. So for us, it's not that controversial to skip the diesel on the S60, given the decline that we see on diesel. Okay, let's talk about Polestar.
something that's firmly on the ascendant. Matthias is asking the questions, one I would have asked anyway, but thank you Matthias. Is it a Volvo or is it a Polestar?
Can we clarify that? It's a Volvo. Yes, so Volvo and Polestar are two different brands with two different or with different products. But Polestar is born out of Volvo and it stands for pure progressive performance. So as we're closely interlinked, we can borrow ingredients from each other. So basically what we've done is we have injected some of the performance from Polestar into the S60 through the Polestar engineers.
And the poster has really turned up the volume on the S60 with Olin's dampers, Brembo brakes, 19-inch Brembo brakes, and also put their twist onto the T8 engine to give it more horsepower. Am I right in saying that all S60 series cars will have it? I will come to the V60 and the X60 later as well, but the S60 is a good car to start with.
Tisha, I'm going to bring you back in here to answer a question that's come in from Tadej. Slightly curious question, I think I know what he's on about. What can you say about the rear of this car, I presume?
Definitely, it's a very sporty setup. It's very refined. I'm certainly eager to talk to you about the front of the car, but let's start. We'll walk around it. Let's walk around it. Yeah, we'll get there. It's got a really nice long deck lid, and you'll see a kick-up in the back that is there for performance. It helps with aerodynamics. It also gives the car a very nice impression, a very sporty feeling. From there, you can see our C-shaped LED.
rear lights. Those are rather slim. They have a signature shape that you've seen before, but they have a nuanced difference. They have some attitude now. At the top of that C you'll see it's kind of kicked up a little bit. We've also placed the license plate a bit high. All of that kind of adds up to a nice sporty effect. We have a lower diffuser that's
black in color, but it does have a little wing shape that's body color. I like that feature a lot because it really is in harmony with other shapes that you see, as a matter of fact, in the front of the car. I love that word harmony. It's great. There is another detail which I think eliminates an interesting point about the relationship dynamic within the company. The little kick on the on the rear window is different. So between the sedan and the wagon Ragnar, you guys, you tussle over these things, don't you? But why is this?
significant in this particular detail? Well, that detail is really important. It's a signature detail, but that dynamic kick is important because that's all part of what...
how's this setup looking very sporty? And the reason why we had a very dynamic discussion about that is that's normally not how you do it. You choose to use the same door up to the windows, let's say, on the wagon and the sedan for practical reasons and economical reasons. So we tried that out, but in the end we saw that.
We needed to do this to be really true to the S60. So the V60 has a slightly different kick than the S60. It works really good for both cars. Positive tension within the development team. That's good to see. Here's a question from Burak. Thank you, Burak. I hope I'm pronouncing your name correctly. When will the new S60 come to Turkey? I guess we can use this one to open up about the rollout around the world. We currently have a very pleasant problem at Volvo.
We sell everything we can produce. And for the S60, as we talked about earlier, Jason, we have this ramp up situation in the plant where we need to teach the plant and we need to ramp up the volumes over half a year. So the S60, we've decided, focus the US first six months while the plant is ramping up, and then we move to Europe and rest the world, so including Turkey. So by beginning in 2019, we will be able to get this brand new S60.
A question from John, thank you Ragnar, about this one. Has the new S60 more boot space than the old one? This applies wherever you live in the world, I guess. Has it got a bigger boot? You always need more boot space. Yes, it has. It has 62 liters of more boot space to be exact, and that corresponds to approximately 20% bigger than its predecessor, the old S60. Okay, Michael's asking, will it be available with a hybrid engine from the start? We did talk about this. So let's just recap on that a little bit. It will be available.
by the year shift. OK, here's one from Jason, actually, from my laptop. Is this the safest Volvo ever?
It is. Of course. You can't really say that, can you? It's just a natural thing that happens. Every car gets better. No, it's like this. When we make a new Volvo, in this case, we took all the juicy stuff from what we already launched in the so-called SBA platform. So what we mean by V90, S90, XC60. Put that into the brand new S60. We also put a world first feature.
On top of that, which we call oncoming mitigation by braking. It's a very unpleasant scenario where a car comes at you in your own lane. What we do, or what the car does, is when a collision is unavoidable, it will hit full auto-brake.
And that could really be the difference in such a terrible scenario. OK, so basically with every step of the way, it's a bold assertion. We build it all in and then we add this one, which makes it the safest Volvo ever built. OK. And every time we launch a new car, all of these are just steps towards fulfilling our vision that no one should be seriously injured or killed in a Volvo car ever. Remarkable ambition, but noble, obviously.
OK, John's got one here for us. Tisha, I think I'll throw this one in your direction. What's the most unique new feature in the interior? And John has added, I always liked the thoughtfulness of the interior design with trouble. Well, I like the thoughtfulness too, John, and I like the thoughtfulness of your question. Of course, I love that question. That's great. You know, I would point, actually, to the sports seat.
It's a beautiful new addition. I love Volvo seats. I'm sure John does too. You know, of course I want to go on about the interior. It is really beautiful and it definitely is in harmony with the exterior in that it is also very light, it's very slim and it has a very sporty expression. But if I...
talk specifically about the seats. It's a beautiful leather seat that has a very nice stitch that really shows off craftsmanship.
Tisha, why are Volvo seats so good? Because they are the best seats in the world. Very quickly, let's talk about the science. There's science in there for sure. Yeah, I was just going to say it's really the science of it combined with beautiful design. We're industry leaders when it comes to seat comfort and design, and that's because we dedicate a very...
methodic process to the development of the seat. So we have specific gates and checkpoints along the way. We determine the design. We apply something we call comfort curves. So that means that when you sit on the seat, it should feel just right. And that's based on those sections that we apply. And then we have this very rigorous
development process where we keep riding in those seats as we move the design along and make sure that we check the comfort, make sure it's good. I'm guessing that Joshua, who's fired in the next question from Facebook, is listening because he's asking, will we see more sporty trim options available in the interior?
Sporty trim. Yeah, actually I was just talking about that with the sport seat itself. That's definitely a bonus and it's also in the interior itself. You have proportions that are quite sporty. It's very slim. We have a deco inlay that's really nice. And this is something that I really like about our take on sportiness. It is run through a filter that is technical. So we have a metal mesh inlay.
that is just exquisite and it has that very technical feeling in a very sporty setting. I think, Tisha, we could also mention actually that we see the car here is all black in the interior. We're also launching in the R-Design trim level a more greyish, we call it slate grey version of this. It's also extremely beautiful.
And let's not overlook the fact that the whole car is a sportier offering, really. Ragnar, tell us about how you've made this more of a driver's car. Yes, I mean, competing in this segment, the premium sedan CD segment, as we call it, it's a fierce segment. We have really good cars out there like the Audi A4, BMW, the Lambo, the 3 Series and now also the Tesla Model 3.
inspiring drive is so important. And we've worked a lot to give the S60 a really inspiring drive, but also confident because we need to do it in a Volvo way. And for us, it starts with you as a driver. You sit in a really sculptured nice seat. We just talked about that. And you sit close to the ground in the new S60. The steering wheel is straight in front of you where it should be. Purposeful.
Purposeful, exactly. We have a very rigid body structure. Good for confidence, good for safety, but also for structural rigidness. And then we have the SPAR chassis. The SPAR new SPA chassis comes.
out at its best in the new S60. So that brings you all the journey from where you're sitting out to the tarmac and you should feel connected in all those steps. Worked a lot with it and we're quite happy. I can't wait to try it. And Nor can Solomon, I think. Can you still do Volvo overseas delivery even though the S60 will be assembled in South Carolina? Anna, I don't know if you want to answer that one or if you're the best place to answer that. There is another one I want to ask you off the back of that, but this overseas delivery? Yeah.
I think no. No, I think no. We've done this business mainly for US, bringing US customers over here to Gothenburg, very purposeful, driving the car around a little bit here in Sweden and then getting it delivered home. Of course, this does not add up fully if you already built the car in the US. But something that we definitely can talk about, the Care by Volvo. Yes. Tell me more about that. Yeah, so this is our new approach to ownership. So basically what we're offering is you can decide if you want to buy a car, lease it or subscribe to it through Care by Volvo.
So basically you have access to a car without any hassle and everything is taken care of and it would be almost like you would use Netflix or Spotify or something else that you subscribe to. Are you finding the advent of those services, I mean they have redefined, it's hard to imagine a world before streaming services like that and the car industry is kind of
The processes take so long and the product cycles, everyone's got to get faster and faster. And it's basically a way of capturing a younger audience as well. Exactly. It's capturing that mindset. And it's not just young people. It's everyone today that has, I guess, different demands on and different expectations. So we are really, we're moving with the industry at the same time as I feel we're really pushing the industry forward. You've got to get ahead of it already. Yeah, we are.
I like this one from Timo. Who's got this at the top of their head? What are the measurements, brackets, exterior of the S60? Somebody's testing my memory, but I'm good with numbers, so I can do it. But sorry to our US audience because I do this in meters, not in inches. I don't have the inches number in my head. It's 4.76 meters long. It's 1.85 meters wide.
and it's 1.42 meters high. And then you do the math. But I would just add to that, the short story on that is that it's longer than its predecessor, it's lower than its predecessor.
The designer loves that stuff. But the wheelbase is super long as well. Well, not super long. It's not a stretch. It's notably longer, isn't it? It's like 2.86 meters. So it's a long wheelbase. And you can see, well, first of all, it helps interior space, but that really does push the wheels. I mean, that's what you were talking about, Tisha. You know, it's such a nice looking car.
I'd like to talk a little bit more about, hang on, what's the question from Vijay? Will there also be a long-wheelbase S60 Excellence? Yes, that's in China, yeah? They like stretch cars, don't they? We believe that this car has the right wheelbase for our three home markets, including China.
So this is the S60 for the world. OK. While we have it right here, I mean, it's so nice just to have it sitting on the other side of that window. I'd like to ask you a question, Sis, if you don't mind about how LEDs and the advent of that technology is really literally changing the face of the car design. Very good question. Yeah, I mean, we're able to incorporate
the best technology. And you can see actually from the XC90 through, we've just continued as we move down the line to bring in the highest levels of technology. So standard on this car, it's all LED lights. And that allows us to have that very unique graphic, a very slim setup and very unique. So what you see in this car is some great
attitude down the road and I'm talking about that and the character that you see. So on the headlamps you see that Thor's hammer, that T shape that's very iconic for us and in particular in the S60 you've got this nice expression where that
T actually bursts through, it kind of comes outside of the boundary of the lamp shape itself, so it really looks like it's grabbing onto the front of the car. Yeah, Tisha, thank you. Fernando is asking which models will be built in the US.
We're building the S6 in the US. And of course, we don't aim to stop there. So we do not disclose any future plans, but the US plant is here to stay. OK, what a question from Ryan. Thank you, Ryan. I've never owned a Volvo. Why should I buy this one?
Why should you buy this one? Is that a question to me? I'd like all of you to answer that question. No doubt about why. It's absolutely our most refined sporty expression. It is an elegant car that says exactly what we wanted it to say. Ragnar? I think it's a super nice... Elevator pitch they call this. Give me the elevator pitch. It's the perfect Volvo.
pitch it up with the twin engine as well, the T8. I think by that you will be so pleased with this car. It's a driver's car, it's still a Volvo, it's beautiful, it's everything. Anna? Yeah, what do you say after that? But I agree, I think it's the design, it's the interior design, how you feel when you sit in the car and when you drive it. And then the fact that it's a Volvo, of course.
OK, guys, that's it. Thank you so much. It's an amazing opportunity for all of us to have this time talking to you. Thank you. And thank you to the Volvo community for watching, firstly, and for those excellent questions. Now, if you want to find out more, well, you probably know where to go. Visit volvocars.com. Stay close to the Facebook page as well. You know how to do that. And you'll also find a series of fantastic films of this gorgeous new car on Volvo's YouTube channel. Enjoy.
And that's Goodnight from Gothenburg. Thank you.