Given the currently difficult conditions for traveling and events, we've decided to opt for
a static vehicle presentation and do so on a purely digital platform. But this is not going to be a
one-way communication. No, we want to engage in a dialogue with you. So, the event is split up into
three parts. Following the reveal of the Q5, Ashley Cleave, as the exterior designer, will talk us
through all the details of the reworked car. This is followed by Kristian Koenig, who will be in dialogue
with me to talk you through the engineering side of the Q5. He's project manager in the technical
development. And as the third here, I'm introducing to Michaela Benz. She is product speaker responsible
for the Q5 and thus the expert for all issues to do with marketing and sales. Together, we're all
All available after the presentation for your Q&As.
But of course, already during the presentation, you're free to send in your questions by writing
into the chat window, and we will answer them afterwards.
Then we'll start the second part of the sneak preview, and that is the individual photo
and VJ session if you have registered your need up front.
So dear guests, the Q5 is the most successful SUV model from Audi.
It started in the summer of 2008.
It became the first model generation of Q5
that was built up until the fall of 2016
with 1.6 million units shipped.
The second generation since then
has continued on the success,
and after four years receives a product upgrade.
Now what are the features
that make the Q5 worldwide such a success?
Well, it's definitely its appealing design,
its versatility and variability but also its everyday usability and of course it's greatly
appreciated because of its sportiness and driving performance because ultimately the Q5 carries the
technology topic of Quattro quite exemplary in two versions that's particularly efficient Quattro
with ultra technology or as the well-known and tried and tested Quattro with Torsen mid diff
but of course there's other engine transmission versions available with front wheel drive but
we'll come back to that later. But now, I don't want to keep you much
longer, dear guests. Here it is, the new Audi Q5 in its new
look. So I have the pleasure of taking you
through the new Q5. We start with the front, with
the Audi icon, of course the single frame grille.
What we've done here is we've separated it now from the bonnet here
and moved the whole thing down. It's now wider
and shares the octagonal grille that you'll see in all of the other
Q cars that we have at Audi. What we've also done is created a new headlight of course with a new
daytime running light signature and this is now together with the single frame grille
producing a much more focused look for the car. At the sides this is the S line car so it's the
more sporty looking exterior and we've kind of gone in the direction of the RS cars and integrated
a more vertical kind of air intake at the side here. If we move around to the side we can go
past the optional 21 inch Audi Sport wheel and then you see here we've kept the shoulder line
from the existing Q5 design however we've added a new rocker at the bottom which works slightly
like a bridge to support this the shoulder line makes the car look more athletic and then if we
move around to the rear. We start at the bottom, work our way up. We have a new diffuser. It's a
little bit more sporty than before. We've got more integrated design elements and more athletic
feeling. Moving upwards, of course, we have our new Audi digital OLED taillights. This is a world
first in this segment and it allows us to offer all of our customers three individual signatures,
but Mike will tell us a little bit more about that soon. We've then joined the two tail lights
with this with this bar to really bring the car together and give it a much fresher look.
So with that I'll give you back over to Mike and he can tell you more about the tail lights.
Thanks a lot Ashley for your explanations.
Well I must say I do like this fresh look very much and I'm quite convinced
that, well, design will remain the key purchase argument for the Q5 from the
customers buying the Q5. Now, as you know, Audi has been for some time a by-word
for progressive light technology. Now, Ashley already has stressed the new
digital OLED technology in the rear light. We would like to show you that in
more detail now. OLED is an acronym that stands for organic light emitting
diode. So OLEDs are particularly efficient organic light diodes, which unlike the
conventional LED provide a homogenous light over pretty far and big areas. The
customers of the Q5 can, when they order a car, pick one of three rear light
signatures. And every signature has a very specific coming and leaving home
light scenario. What you can see here is the leaving home function when you open
up the car. Now, this animation of signature 1, 2 and 3, as well as a fourth
signature, can be activated when you activate the out-of-drive select vote
dynamic. Now, another function of the digital OLED rear light is the
approximation detection. If another traffic user or traffic participant
comes closer to Q5, anywhere to two meters, all the OLED segments will be
activated. But, if the Q5 gets going again, the original light signature shines up
again. The basic fitting with the Q5 are now at the front LED headlights and as
an option you can also have matrix LED headlights. And once you've arrived at
your destination and you close the Q5 you have a so-called coming home light
function being processed. And here again each of the signatures has its very own
and distinct light signature. What we can see here is the light signature 134.
Now, the latest infotainment generation, the MIB3, is now also deployed in the Q5.
A joint demonstration of some of the features have in the cabin been done due to corona
and therefore been pre-recorded in this following clip.
When you come, the car will instantly ask you what is the desired driver profile.
Over the personalization function, you can have up to six individual user profiles stored in the Audi Cloud
and retrieving all cars that are connected via the MyAudi account,
which means the cumbersome adjusting of seats, exterior mirrors, air conditioning and infotainment is a thing of the past.
Q5 now receives the latest infotainment generation, the MIB3, with a 10.1-inch large touch display.
Back to the touch operation, you will find that the previous rotary switch in the center control can be omitted.
The content of the screen can be split up now.
That means you can have the screen split up as requested to three preview windows,
for example the navigation, the radio and the phone menu.
As an alternative, of course, you can also go back to the classic view
with all the menu cantons in freely configurable tile configuration.
The voice dialog system will evaluate your voice input also online,
which means it becomes so co-varied and can understand you a lot better.
I'll just show you here by entering a navigation command.
So I'm saying, take me to Munich into a Leopold Strazer 25.
And if you are on a longer trip, like in this case to Munich, you sometimes have human needs
cropping up.
For example, I'm hungry and it will tell you I will look for a restaurant along your route.
You can now enter further search terms or pick one of the options.
So I say I need a toilet.
Ah, well, look for a toilet along your route.
The traffic flow in real time is now displayed
exactly the lane that you're driving in unpredictably.
In this particular case, if you're somebody,
you've got a closed lane in a construction site.
You can see from that symbol to the top left there.
Parking information will now also indicate
the probability of finding a parking space along the road.
Another service of the swarm intelligence
is the traffic light information in select cities.
It will show the driver the remaining time
until the next green phase if he's waiting,
for example, at a red traffic light.
And it will tell him what speed to drive
so that he can pass the next traffic light
through a green light.
With function on demand,
you can now also release services subsequently
that you may not have considered when you ordered a car.
If this Q5, for example, would not have navigation plus or audio smartphone interface,
well, the owner could order these functions subsequently by going through myAudi app and order them.
Any personal Amazon Alexa account can also be operated quite conveniently by voice control in the Q5.
If you want to take the Q5 off the road to enjoy it, well, you will have inclination and or display available
and also a downhill assist to help you.
The air suspension cannot only change the clearance over a wide range,
but also offers you the most comfortable suspension comfort and more efficiency
when you drive a little faster on the motorway thanks to an improved aerodynamic setup.
Now, I guess we have not yet said a word about engines.
Here in Europe, we're starting with a 2.0-litre TDI engine with 150 kilowatts
and Q540 TDI Quattro. It is followed successfully by two further power performances with 100 and 120
kilowatts, and obviously also a 3.0-litre V6 TDI engine will be coming. When you look at the
petrol engines, we've got a 2.0-litre TFSI with 150 kilowatts and 195 kilowatts on offer, and of
Of course, the highly demanded TFSI-E with the plug-in hybrid powertrain will also be
part and parcel of the offer.
All four-cylinder engines have a 12-volt mild hybrid system on board for efficient brake
recuperation.
And all six-cylinder engines have a 48-volt mild hybrid system.
And the core components of the mild hybrid system are the belt starter generator and
the lithium-ion battery as a storage.
diesel engines come with a new twin dozing SCR system on board. What you can
see here is the twin dozing of the urea and blue into the exhaust system. This
means a much better situate of distribution and thus a particularly
effective reduction of nitrogen oxides. In previous systems for exhaust gas
processing there was only one SCR catalytic converter but now with twin
dosing, urea is now injected further away from the engine into a second
catalytic converter. Thanks to a bigger distance to the engine, the temperature
window for exhaust gas processing is extended and that means emissions can,
with continuously high exhaust temperatures, for example if you drive
swiftly over the motorway, can be best reduced. Now Christian, one important
power conversion is one we've not spoken about so far. Which one is that? Well yes,
for the sporty customers, you will find we will have an emotional SQ5 on board
coming to you soon. Well, dear guests, we could continue like this for some time
but I'm sorry to say we simply don't have the time for that. And therefore,
let's start the Q&A session and let's hear from you. So just hook up using the
Audi channel or write your question into the chat field. If we can't answer it straight away,
we will make sure you will get the answer later after we've clarified it with our experts.
Well Mikaela, a question to you to start with. Where is the Q5 going to be built?
Well, since 2016 we've been building our Q5 in Mexico and of course a new model
will also come from Mexico. It works like a treat and we're very happy to have
that Mexican plant. Of course we've also got a plant in China, that's where we are
building the long version but that's exclusive to the Chinese market. And the
parts also come from Mexico partly? Yes indeed, some of the parts for China come from Mexico.
Following that one, a question to Christian. Where are the engine supply from? Are they also built
on site or are they added? The 2-litre TFSI comes from the Volkswagen work in Puebla in Mexico and
is from there directly shipped to San Jose Chapa to our Audi plant there. The 6-cylinder TFSI
engines, as well as the entire diesel lineup of engines, come from our Audi plant in Güre in Hungary.
Okay, so it's a very international network of supply and assembly. Now, a question to you,
Ashley, as the designer. You work as a team, but of course there's also a designer who, so to say,
is in charge for that product upgrade. How can we imagine how this works? How has the team work
done. Is everybody responsible for one particular segment or have you got a democratic vote at the
end? Well principally speaking we're one team that's true and we'll start out with a competition
and simply to find out what is the best concept for that car and then we continue to work as a
team on that concept that we've picked and of course looking at the entire exterior design
we've got a department like the light department that's where I work or for colour and trim or for
for the wheels. So it's a big team effort I must say. Do you have a personal
favorite in the product upgrade of the Q5? Is there anything you would like to
emphasize in particular? Well I'm convinced of my work in looking at the
lights I must say. I think they are well designed and I'm quite happy with
the process and with the people that helped me along the way to realize that
light signature and especially the OLED real light is something that I'm quite
proud of I must say and I think we have yeah well we've touched the nerve there
and that will be quite successful on the market Oh befitting that we've got a
question here coming from Audi Japan how how the OLED detect approach detect
vehicles approaching from the rear I think I can answer that straight away
it's pretty straightforward because for the approximation detection we use the
already existing ultrasonic sensors in the rear bumper and if an object comes
into that ray of the ultrasonic sensors that starts around about two meters
behind the car that signal will be used so that all the OLEDs shine up and thus
will light up. A question to you, we've not said a word about the
transmissions that will be offered in the Q5. Answer, well for the four cylinder
engines we will use the S tronic transmission with seven speeds and for
a six-cylinder engines we will use the already known tip tronic with eight
speed transmission just for the guests S tronic and tip tronic that's a
different technology isn't it yes the tip tronic is an automatic
transmission while the S tronic is a dual clutch transmission now what we
haven't mentioned either is the luggage compartment so question to you Christian
any changes here and what what's the the volume we can offer the volume says
Christian has remained unchanged and depending on whether you've got the
rear seat folded down or not we can offer anything between 550 liters all
the way up to 1,500 liters in trunk capacity with the rear seats folded down
I'd just like to mention we've got the rear seat bench plus that can be adjusted
quite to your needs and you can shift the seats in the length so extend your
clearance for the knees and also of course the inclination of the seats can
be adjusted that means you can adjust the comfort for those sitting in the
rear for longer trips or if you need extra space in your trunk compartment
you can also extend your trunk and luggage compartment with this movable rear seat bench.
There's another question coming in. Any changes in the sheet metal, doors and fenders? Who of you
could answer that? Mikaela, any changes to the material? No, no changes to the sheet metal with
this model. But yes, the other parts have been greatly reworked. Well with that, I guess we'll
wrap up the first part of this sneak preview. Some of you have arranged for an appointment with our
photographers and VJs and I would now like to ask these guests to use their personal link they have
received at the allocated time and apart from that I say thank you also on behalf of the team
for participating and say goodbye to you for today. Thank you very much and see you soon again!