The sun is rising, your to-do list is growing, but Aria helps keep you a step ahead, starting the day charged and prepared, welcoming you with an atmosphere that keeps you centered and serene. It's an entirely new experience behind the wheel that plugs into your senses, communicating through touch and sight. Aria even helps you plan the perfect drought, stay charged, fully synced,
and seamlessly connected. Alexa, turn off living room. Aria merges technology with design on human terms. There's never been a drive quite like this. With E-Force, Aria reinvents all-wheel drive. The unique dual-motor design powers each wheel with precision for a feeling of confidence in almost any condition. Activate Sport mode for even more thrills.
Carved through corners with invigorating precision. Use Aria's low center gravity and nearly 50-50 weight distribution to savor every entry, apex and exit. Move with agility, balance and unshakable confidence. But driving isn't only about thrills. Sometimes it's about just getting there. That's why Aria puts key info right in your line of sight, helping you stay focused on the road.
And when the time is right, Aria's technology is ready to assist. Hands-off is just the beginning. Aria can even help guide you around slower highway traffic, helping you stay in the flow for a drive that's smooth and effortless. Need something? Just ask for it. Hello Nissan, set temperature to 68 degrees. The evolution of driving begins now. Visualize your busiest day. Executed to perfection.
ARIA custom plans your route based on your range and the types of charging stations around you, guiding you with technology that streamlines and simplifies. Parking drama? With ARIA, that's one less thing you have to think about. Hands off, feet off, and aware of what's around you. And when you've got time to spare, ARIA transforms into a mobile office. Your center console becomes your desk, the storage tray, a place for your device. Open your meeting app,
Take conference calls on the road. This is your life, streamlined. This is life with Aria.