Today marks the beginning of a new era here at Porsche Cars Great Britain. Originally, we had hoped to invite you into our centres to celebrate the arrival of the new Taycan. However, given the current situation, that's no longer possible. So we've decided to do the next best thing and bring the Taycan to you.
I'm here with the stars of the show, the Taycan Turbo S and the Taycan 4S. Our product manager for the Taycan, Pavel Sperin, is on hand to give you a quick tour of some of the key highlights of the two vehicles and also give you some insight into what it's like to own a new Porsche Taycan. This will ultimately give you, our fans, the opportunity to get up close with the first all-electric sports car from Porsche.
In 2015 we showed the Mission E concept which set out Porsche's vision of a future sports car and this Taycan Turbo S is the production embodiment of that study. The Porsche Taycan ushers a new era of design DNA for our brand and it features a number of new front-end graphics that will characterise our electric sports cars in the future.
but it stays true to all of the Porsche design DNA that you'll be familiar with from our sports cars and the iconic 911 fly line.
With Porsche, form always follows function and the Taycan is no exception. The all-new floating headlight graphic and the side air intake are there for an aerodynamic purpose. They smooth the airflow along the side of the car giving you greater efficiency and range. Aerodynamics are absolutely crucial with electric cars and this is why we've also introduced a number of aero-optimized wheels like this exclusive design wheel with carbon aero blades.
With the Mission E concept, Porsche took on the challenge of taking its sports car DNA and moving it into an electric future. As with the exterior, the interior of the Taycan reflects our move towards the sports car of the future. When you sit in this car, you can really feel the familiarity of the driver-focused layout as you'd expect from any Porsche, but with even more technology and exciting new sustainable materials.
With the Taycan, we've taken connectivity to the next level. We've extended the included connect periods to three years, giving customers even more access to new features within the car. The Taycan is the first Porsche to feature over-the-air update capability. We also have Apple Music integrated directly in the car.
For the Taycan, we started with a complete blank sheet design and developed an all-new 800-volt architecture. This has allowed us to put all of the components exactly where they need to go for maximum performance. The 93 kilowatt-hour battery is located completely under the floor with strategic cutouts for the rear passengers. This gives a really low center of gravity for improved driving dynamics.
The 800 volt system allows us to extract more power from the motors, achieve faster charging speeds and save weight on all the cabling in the car.
We've tried to make it as easy as possible to live with the Taycan, and therefore we've engineered a number of convenient charging solutions on the car. With a 7kW home charger, you'll be able to completely replenish the Taycan's battery overnight in under 12 hours. This will give you up to 280 miles of range. On longer journeys, the Taycan's class-leading fast charging capabilities allow it to charge at up to 270kW, giving you an extra 60 miles of range in around 6 minutes.
Whilst the Taycan is our first fully electric sports car, at Porsche we have over 70 years experience of engineering the finest handling vehicles. The Taycan features all of the chassis systems and technologies you'd expect of a Porsche sports car, including active damping, air suspension, torque vectoring, active anti-roll control, and the best in braking performance. The result is that the Taycan drives like a true Porsche, with relentless performance on track.
Our engineers have done an incredible job of combining the instant torque and power of the electric drive with everyday usability and comfort. With electric power you get instant torque for an unprecedented punch of acceleration. Everyday usability is expected of all Porsche sports cars and the Taycan takes this one step further. This is the first time we've been able to deliver this level of dynamic performance with so much practicality.
Thanks to special cutouts in the battery, rear seat legroom is improved and the optional panoramic roof gives even more headroom. With two luggage compartments and plenty of storage inside the car, this really is a sports car for the whole family and you can even fit a baby seat in. As with every Porsche, we offer endless possibilities to customise your Taycan. With a wide range of colour options, exterior differentiation and interiors, you can make the Taycan truly yours.
The sound has always been a critical part of the Porsche driving experience, and with the Taycan we had to develop a new sound signature that was futuristic, yet authentic. The Porsche electric sport sound gives the Taycan a distinctive and emotional sound signature, making it a true Porsche. The Taycan stays true to the Mission E, unmistakably Porsche, yet looks forward to an electric future.