I realised most of my customers are sleeping and it's because there's no motion to the car, it's very smooth. So most of them come off and it can be additional rest for them. Actually, I got many 5-star reviews due to the vehicle and not me. Hi, I'm Zach.
I've been a PHD driver for more than 10 years but I've been driving BYD6 for 3 years. So I drive every morning. I send my kids to school and I'll start my work. I find it is a very comfortable drive and cleaner because there's no combustion, no anything. I like the power of the car, the torque of the car. It brings me everywhere and my customer really likes the car and also my kids.
Passenger, the initial part, they will ask, hey, why is this car? Why it looks so new? And it's so big, so spacious. Even when I take trips from airport, the luggage space is just so big. So all the customer likes it. Even some of the tertiaries, sometimes they would like to like book my service around, which is a plus point.
Hi, my name is Brian. I'm a PhD driver, so I've been driving EV for the last seven years. So actually I drive the DYD Gen 1, until now the Gen 2. Prior to this, I was driving a diesel taxi actually. In comparison to the diesel vehicles that I drive previously, you know, you get noise, you get fatigue easily, you get the fumes and stuff like that, so it makes the drive quite uncomfortable. But EV eliminates all these issues. The fuel feature that I like is the regenerative braking.
So it does actually help me brake less. I let the car do the work. So this actually helps us in our fatigue because we are on the road many hours a day. I will usually charge once during the lunch break. So there is this good point, your car needs to rest while charging, so I also take a rest. So the DC charging actually helps me to go off once I finish my lunch break, like about 45 minutes. And the other thing is the infotainment system. It's just like another tablet, just put it there and then you can use it. Very easy, just like your hand phone. So it's very user friendly.
Hi, my name is Elgin. I'm a part-time PHB driver and also a working professional. I've been driving a part-time PHB for about six years now.
Okay, so back then I actually owned my own passenger vehicle, it's a petrol sedan. I saw the big significance difference when I switched over to EV is that almost 60% of the savings are if you are comparing for petrol versus the electric, the charging. It's actually a big difference in terms of whether you save more or less. So fast forward now, the new generation of BYD E6, not only it has a third row seats,
and you became a seven seater now your second row and your third row seats are able to knock down fully so you are getting like tons or tons of load space if you need it
So this right now you are having a 100kW motor. The drive is much more refined. The third thing is that there used to be an air-con vent directly at the centre of the BYD e6 back in the second generation. So right now they have since shifted it to the top. So the second row and the third row will have an air-con vent as well. These are really the major upgrades of the BYD e6. So now it's much more comfortable to drive far.