This is the all-new 12th generation Toyota Corolla. Building on over 50 years of sales in the US, the 2020 Corolla sedan joins Corolla hatchback as one of the latest vehicles to be enhanced by the Toyota New Global Architecture, or TNGA. This new platform helps enhance Corolla's fun-to-drive charisma, while still maintaining the model's legendary value and dependability.
Classic trim names return for 2020, including the modern L, LE, and XLE, and the sporty SE and XSE grades, while a Corolla Hybrid makes a big debut with the Hybrid LE grade. And more than ever before, Corolla's different flavors mean genuinely different vehicles, with three distinct personalities, features, and specifications for each trim line. Let's take a closer look at some details.
Outside, the 2020 Corolla stands out with not just its bold new character lines, but also a host of details unique to each model. These include a range of stylish wheels, including eye-grabbing 18-inch alloy wheels on sport grades, and unique front and rear styling and trim accents that help to further differentiate the various members of the Corolla family. For the SE and XSE grades, these include integrated dark gray accents on the 18-inch alloy wheels, as well as the front, rear, and side rocker panels.
Regardless of trim, all Corolla models also include standard LED exterior lighting, including headlights, taillights, and daytime running lights. These powerful new looks go hand in hand with the performance to match. For the first time, Corolla's multiple powertrains offer truly distinct personalities. For L grades, an enhanced 1.8-liter engine pushes 139 horsepower through a continuously variable transmission.
Meanwhile, sport grades now utilize the punchy 2.0 Dynamic Force engine that recently debuted in the Corolla hatchback.
It puts out an impressive 169 horsepower and can be paired with either the new Dynamic Shift continuously variable transmission that features a physical first launch gear, paddle shifters, and a sport mode. Or you can get a six-speed intelligent manual transmission with an IMT mode that allows for dynamic rev-matching downshift technology. Lastly, the new Corolla Hybrid with an electrified gas powertrain allows drivers to go farther and enjoy fewer stops at the pump, thanks in part to its sleek sedan styling.
which helps maximize efficiency and has seriously impressive EPA estimates of up to 53 miles per gallon in the city and a driving range of up to 593 miles on one tank of fuel. Regardless of drivetrain, all 2020 Corolla models feature disc brakes at all four corners and a fully independent suspension design with McPherson struts up front and a multi-link layout in the rear to help keep the vehicle planted in the turns and comfortable through the bumps. Combine this with the standard active cornering system
and a sprightly curb weight. And it's no surprise this new Corolla not only loves road trips, but also finding the back way home. All the performance in the world won't matter if Corolla didn't have the safety specs to match. As such, the 2020 Corolla features the Toyota Safety Sense 2.0 suite of active safety technologies, which comes standard on all grades, and includes an enhanced pre-collision system that features daytime and low-light vehicle and pedestrian detection, as well as daytime bicycle detection.
It also features an enhanced Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist and Road Edge Detection, Automatic High Beams, and Dynamic Radar Cruise Control for manual transmission models, or Full Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control with Low Speed Follow and Full Stop technology on CVT models.
TSS 2.0 also introduces the new Lane Tracing Assist feature for CVT models, which can provide constant steering input to help keep Corolla centered in its lane, as well as Road Sign Assist, which is able to recognize certain road signs and display them on Corolla's instrument panel. Select models are also available with additional convenience features like Adaptive Front Lighting System and Blind Spot Monitor.
Naturally, the 2020 Corolla also features Toyota's signature Star Safety System, as well as eight airbags mounted throughout the cabin. This level of safety equipment perfectly complements Corolla's incredible day-to-day practicality, a hallmark of the model ever since it first hit the stage. This means a comfortable, ergonomic, and elegant interior with seating for five, including 60-40 split folding rear seats on all models, even the LE Hybrid.
It comes complete with conveniently designed latch locations that allows for easy installation of car seats for children. All told, this inviting cabin boasts 89 cubic feet of passenger space, while the trunk in back is able to hold 13 cubic feet of storage. More than enough for your next epic road trip, grocery run, or workout session.
Every model in the Corolla lineup features Toyota's latest Audio Multimedia systems, complete with 7-inch touchscreen on Corolla L and 8-inch touchscreens on all other models. These systems also all feature standard Apple CarPlay compatibility. Apple CarPlay is the smarter way to use your iPhone in the car. You can get directions with Apple Maps, listen to Apple Music, make phone calls, and send messages all with your voice through Siri or the car's touchscreen.
or you can use your favorite supported third-party navigation, messaging, voice calling, and audio apps. Additionally, the 2020 Corolla's audio multimedia systems all include Amazon Alexa compatibility. Alexa can be used in Corolla to enhance the driving experience by offering the ability to remotely adjust the home thermostat, close the garage door, and more. Plus, select models can even be paired with the premium JBL 9-speaker audio system.
The 2020 Corolla can also be equipped with the full line of connected services. These include Remote Connect, which can remotely start and stop the engine, lock and unlock the doors, locate the vehicle, enable guest driver features, and provide vehicle status alerts, as well as offer app compatibility for both Apple Watch and Android smartwatches.
Connected services also include Safety Connect, which can provide roadside assistance, stolen vehicle locator services, and automatic collision notifications capable of dispatching emergency support. Service Connect, which can connect Corolla to your dealership of choice, offering vehicle status updates and maintenance alerts. And even standard Wi-Fi Connect, which enables up to five mobile devices to connect to an in-vehicle Wi-Fi hotspot.
Also standard equipment on hybrid and X-grade models is a slick digital instrument panel that includes a 7-inch color multi-information display seamlessly integrated into the surrounding analog gauge cluster. That's not to say that Corolla's useful technology is limited to digital displays, however, with other great features available like automatic climate control, available power and heated front seats, and smart key system, all of which comes together to perfectly round out this seriously convenient compact.
So, that's a look at the 2020 Corolla. With a heritage that dates all the way back to 1966, Corolla has sold over 46 million units and counting, making it one of the best-selling nameplates of all time. And its outstanding reputation for quality, durability, and reliability makes it easy to see why. And now, with 2020's newfound injection of serious style, technology, and advanced safety, as well as North America's first-ever Corolla Hybrid, the classic Corolla formula just keeps getting better.
Now top that all off with a starting MSRP of just $19,600, as well as great ownership perks like the ToyotaCare No Cost Maintenance and Roadside Assistance Plan. And it's clear to see this all-new Corolla is greater than ever.