This is the all-new, completely redesigned 2021 Hyundai Elantra. Elantra is our popular compact sedan, and in its seventh generation, as you'll see, the upgrades and enhancements are everywhere. Now, the Elantra won't be available on dealership lots until late fall this year. However, we do have a pre-production model here to be able to give you a sneak peek of the great new features and its overall bold new
design. So we're gonna start off with our upgraded front end design starting with these bold new lines coming down the hood. Coming across is our wide cascading grille lending to its sensuous sportiness feel and into its unique turn signal integration feature design updates. Also that's right below our updated LED headlight design.
heading down towards our upgraded reflective features, which works in harmony with our air curtains for functionality and aerodynamics. And as we make our way around the Elantra, you'll now see the new sporty design of our wheels here available in 15, 16 and 17 inch alloy wheels.
We're gonna now make our way around the side panels to take a look at those bold new lines added to the Hyundai Elantra. As you can see, these accent lines here really creating wedges and a feeling of tension. And that's gonna create a division in the side panels and the overall sporty design of the Elantra. Now let's make our way over to the back end and you're gonna see definitely a new approach to the design.
in comparison to the former generations of the Elantra. Starting off with a wide tail light reaching from end to end of the vehicle, right above the bold new font of the Elantra.
And you can see a bunch of the different sharp edge features of the rear spoiler and also adding to a combination of black and chrome designs in that rear design. So exciting stuff, exciting new designs on the Hyundai Elantra, which is really going to make its mark in that compact sedan segment. So now we're going to go ahead and talk about the powertrain. So our Hyundai Elantra is mated with a 2.0 four cylinder engine.
And for the very first time, it's now available with a hybrid powertrain. So we're very excited to have that. And now, since we're talking about changes and upgrades, let's go ahead and talk about our technology features before heading into the interior of our Elantra. Starting with the very exciting digital key. So you won't even need your key fob to get into your Elantra. All you're gonna need is your smartphone,
or this key card and it's as easy as scanning into the handle to get you inside that brand new 2021 Elantra. Now as we head into the interior, I want you to really take a look at the driver-oriented structure of this interior design. We have here a 10.25 inch all digital cluster right next to another 10.25 inch touchscreen navigation system.
And again, you can really see the user-friendliness of the overall design really created for the driver to have an incredible driving experience.
Of course, speaking of driving experience, the Hyundai Elantra is going to come with a complimentary subscription to Blue Link, which is our connected car app system. Also included with the Hyundai Elantra of course is our safety features. Safety is the number one priority for all of our drivers. So the Hyundai Elantra is going to come standard with the following safety features.
forward collision avoidance assist. You also have lane keep assist to keep you centered in your lane with lane follow assist, high beam assist, as well as driver attention warning. And those are just a few of the smart sense technologies that are available on the Hyundai Elantra.
So as you make your way around taking a look again at that bold new design for that 2021 Hyundai Elantra, we are really excited for you to get that first look right here, right now. Of course, if you didn't already know, Hyundai
produces their own high-grade steel to make our vehicles more durable and safer for all of our drivers. And of course, when purchasing any Hyundai, you are backed with America's best warranty, which includes 10 years or 100,000 miles of powertrain warranty coverage, 5 years, 60,000 bumper-to-bumper coverage. We also have 5 years of roadside assistance. And brand new, we also offer 3 years of factory
maintenance complementary to you which includes tire rotations, oil changes and oil filters as well as multi-point inspection. Today we were so excited to reveal to you the brand new design of the 2021 Hyundai Elantra so make sure to sign up on our website for updates that's HyundaiUSA.com so you can stay updated with all of the latest info such as prices,
available trim levels, more photos, and videos. Make sure to check it out on HyundaiUSA.com.