When it comes to three-row midsize SUVs, only one has been America's best-selling retail model for the past seven years. So how do you top such a showstopper? With the 2023 Highlander, Toyota answers this question with confidence.
Now, with the option of either an all-new turbocharged gas engine or an extra-efficient hybrid powertrain, along with a range of updates and feature enhancements across the entire lineup, Highlander arrives to showcase once again why it leads its segment. The 2023 Highlander lineup can be broken down into two groups. On one end, there's the gas models that include L, LE, XLE, the sporty XSE,
the upscaled Limited and luxurious Platinum grade, which all come standard with the new turbocharged 4-cylinder engine. And on the other hand, there's the hybrid grades that include Hybrid LE, Hybrid XLE, Hybrid Bronze Edition, Hybrid Limited and the Hybrid Platinum. Whether gas or hybrid powered, Highlander is offered with either front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive options on every grade.
With so many choices to choose from, it should come as no surprise that Highlander's exterior story offers a style for every taste. Highlander's exterior design features several unique front-end styles that accentuate each grade, like the black mesh front grille with sporty front bumper and lower spoiler, exclusive on XSE, or the black-painted front grille with chrome-plated surround on limited grades. Each stylish front-end design provides the perfect framing for Highlander's standard LED lighting,
as well as the LED headlights with Adaptive Front Lighting System standard on Platinum. Both Platinum and Limited grades also add standard color-keyed heated power folding mirrors. These provide an eye-catching visual complement to Highlander's range of exterior color options, including the all-new Cyprus. And with the return of Bronze Edition for 2023, there's also the option of grade-exclusive Cement exterior color.
Highlander's exterior design brings additional utility up top, thanks to roof rails that are standard on XLE and above.
To help add some additional style to its confident stance, Highlander comes standard with 18-inch painted alloy wheels. Both XLE and Hybrid XLE take this up a notch with 18-inch machine-finish alloy wheels, while the Bronze Edition comes equipped with great exclusive 18-inch bronze finish alloy wheels. For extra stance and style, XSE features 20-inch machined-face black alloy wheels. Not to be outdone,
Limited grades come equipped with 20-inch chrome-finished alloy wheels for an added layer of high-end detail. Finally, the Platinum grade rolls in with added flair thanks to its standard 20-inch alloy wheels. These tailored design choices aren't exclusive to Highlander's exterior, which is made clear with just one look inside.
Stepping into Highlander's cabin is an experience for the senses. This starts once the doors are closed, thanks to dedicated sound dampening and soundproofing materials throughout the cabin that help minimize noise from the outside. Both Limited and Platinum grades bring an even quieter ride, thanks to the addition of acoustic glass on the front side windows. This extra quiet environment helps passengers sink into comfort, especially with the SofTex trim found on XLE, XSE, and Bronze Edition.
Limited's cabin sees an extra level of refinement with perforated leather trim, while the Platinum grade raises this bar further with grade-exclusive embossed and perforated leather trim. It's not just about cabin comfort inside, however. It's also about all of Highlander's incredibly practical space. With L, LE, and LE Hybrid, Highlander's cabin provides standard seating for eight with 60-40 split sliding and reclining fold-flat second-row bench seats.
and 60-40 split fold-flat third-row seats. Meanwhile, XLE XSE Limited Platinum and Bronze Edition offer seating for seven by swapping out the second-row bench seating with two fold-down captain's chairs and fold-down inboard armrests. That said, seating for eight is still optional on both XLE Hybrid and Limited Hybrid.
To ensure comfort is always within reach, Highlander has standard three-zone automatic climate control with a separate second row control panel and individual temperature settings for driver, front passenger, and rear seat passengers. While a standard power tilt-slide moonroof on XLE, XSE, Limited, and Bronze Edition can bring just the right amount of outside ambience in. All this helps set the stage for Highlander's impressive list of high-tech features.
Highlander turns up the in-cabin experience with added convenience and entertainment. This starts with a standard 7-inch color LCD multi-information display that keeps essential information front and center. While limited and above, bump this display up to an impressive 12.3 inches.
And to help keep crucial data directly within the driver's sightline, Platinum adds a 10-inch color head-up display. The centerpiece, however, is the massive available 12.3-inch touchscreen that features Toyota's latest Audio Multimedia system, which brings a range of great new tech, like support for multiple user profiles, and includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to subscription-based services like Apple Music.
as well as maps, messages, and other favorite apps from the iPhone. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices. Plus, a standard 3-month SiriusXM PlatinumPlan trial subscription includes over 165 channels available in Cabin, and even more on the SXM mobile app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more.
And this can all be paired with available JBL Premium Audio with 11 speakers to make the most of these great services. This new system also works seamlessly with Toyota's line of available Connected Services, with Trials to Drive Connect, with Intelligent Assistant Voice Recognition functionality, Remote Connect, Safety Connect, Service Connect, and Wi-Fi Connect, which now offers integrated streaming.
And to keep everyone's devices charged up, Highlander features an available Qi-compatible wireless charger that's been repositioned on the dash for 2023 to help put things within easy reach. And there's also five USB ports in the cabin to keep extra devices plugged in. For added convenience and visibility for the driver, a panoramic view monitor is available on Limited and Standard on Platinum.
Finally, front and rear parking assist with automatic braking is standard on Limited and Platinum and can be an extra helpful feature in tough-to-navigate spots.
When it comes to performance, the 2023 Highlander does not disappoint. This starts with the new 265-horsepower 2.4-liter turbocharged four-cylinder gas engine option that delivers 310 pound-feet of torque, which is a significant 17% increase over the outgoing V6 engine's 263 pound-feet.
Even with this higher torque engine, fuel efficiency is slightly improved over the former V6, with an EPA-estimated rating of 25 mpg combined on front-wheel drive models, and an EPA-estimated rating of 24 mpg combined on all-wheel drive models. This turbocharged power can be paired with front-wheel or all-wheel drive.
For added capability, XSE and gas model limited and platinum grades are offered with dynamic torque vectoring all-wheel drive with driveline disconnect and multi-terrain select. On the other end of the lineup, Highlander's hybrid powertrain has 243 combined net horsepower. Regardless of grade or configuration, all Highlander models also include hill start assist control and trailer sway control. Additionally, downhill assist control is standard on gas all-wheel drive models.
Of course, this capability wouldn't make sense if it wasn't backed by Toyota's cutting-edge safety tech. Highlander has made a name for itself when it comes to safety as a repeat IIHS Top Safety Pick Plus recipient. This reputation for safety is reinforced for 2023 with Toyota's Star Safety System and eight airbags, including side curtain airbags for all three roads.
The real star of the show, however, is Toyota Safety Sense 2.5 Plus. This active safety system includes a pre-collision system with pedestrian detection, lane departure alert with steering assist, automatic high beams, full speed range dynamic radar cruise control, lane tracing assist, and road sign assist. For added visibility from the driver's seat, blind spot monitor with rear cross traffic alert is standard on the LE grade and above.
Year after year, Highlander has proven itself as the go-to midsize SUV that sets the standard for exterior design, interior experience, tech and safety features, and powerful performance. And when you consider it's backed by Toyota's legendary long-term value and unbeatable reputation for quality, durability, and reliability, then add in the ToyotaCare Maintenance Plan with Roadside Assistance.
There's no doubt that Highlander should take the lead within its segment. For more information, visit Toyota.com slash Highlander.
