There are those who are content within the boundaries they've created in their lives.
Then there are those always asking themselves,
what else is out there, waiting to be discovered?
We built our entire legacy on offering vehicles that could answer that question.
But how could we begin to do it more sustainably?
In 2018, we launched the Audi e-tron, the luxury electric SUV.
The decision to name it just e-tron
was to demonstrate how important EV was to our future.
Like when we released our first all-wheel drive vehicle
in the eighties, the Quattro.
Just as Quattro went on to become the name
for every all-wheel drive Audi,
the same now goes for e-tron
on every Audi electric vehicle.
When it then came time to refine
our most important vehicle in 40 years,
there was a lot to live up to.
Introducing the original e-tron redefined.
the 2024 Audi Q8 e-tron,
the no compromise electric SUV and sportback
that's ready for anywhere and any lifestyle.
While the benefits of EV ownership can be found all around,
sometimes it's the simple things
that make the biggest daily impact, like preconditioning.
The Q8 e-tron's climate control
can be set and started remotely,
right from the My Audi app or preset
to turn on automatically any day and time of the week,
even in your garage.
That's a small feature that makes a big difference every day,
especially with the Q8 e-tron's available heated
and air-ventilated seats.
That only begins to tell the story
of why EV ownership is simply better,
and the reasons extend everywhere.
The ability to get a full tank or charge right at home
is a feature where we'll one day think,
wait, we used to regularly drive somewhere else for this?
Weird.
and there are many home charging options to fit your needs.
There's the included 9.6 kilowatt mobile plug-in charger,
an available home installation charger,
or even an available 19.2 kilowatt charging capability
that includes charge ports on both sides.
No matter which option you choose,
we're working with QMarit,
a service that helps make the entire installation
as easy as possible when buying a Q8 e-tron.
An EV means no traditional drivetrain,
which usually translates to more legroom
and storage capacity compared
to a similarly sized gas vehicle.
The Q8 e-tron offers up to 56.4 cubic feet of storage
with the seats folded down,
as well as additional front trunk storage.
When you need even more,
the Q8 e-tron can tow up to 4,000 pounds,
making it ready for any adventure.
The 2024 Q8 e-tron improves upon the previous model
in numerous ways, but the most important change is range.
The Q8 e-tron models have gained more than 26% more range
with an EPA estimated 300 mile range
on the Q8 Sportback e-tron with ultra package.
The battery has grown to around 114 kilowatt hours
in capacity without occupying any more space.
The new prismatic cell chemistry improves energy density
in the same packaging by 20%
and contains less cobalt when compared
to the previous generation pouch cell configuration.
An EV battery is more efficient at warmer temperatures,
whereas range losses in winter weather are typically seen.
But the Q8 e-tron has a highly efficient
thermal management system with four cooling circuits
and an efficient heat pump to minimize these effects.
The Q8 e-tron continues to build upon the legacy
of Quattro all-wheel drive
with its dual asynchronous motor layout.
The rear motor optimizes performance and efficiency
thanks to a stronger magnetic field
provided by the increased coil count of 14,
up from 12 in the prior generation.
Both motors benefit from the continued use
of the internal lance cooling system,
which allows for repeatable performance and range.
Energy recuperation is an EV feature we now know well,
but Audi takes a different approach to one-pedal driving.
Drive it like a normal car, no adjustments needed.
Audi uses intelligence through map data
and front-facing cameras to maximize
the amount of coasting possible
before engaging recuperation when the brake pedal is pressed
or slowing traffic is detected.
This is more efficient
than always engaging maximum recuperation.
Paddles on the steering wheel allow you to manually choose
three different levels of recuperation
to suit your drive style.
Aerodynamics greatly contribute
to a vehicle's energy efficiency,
and the Q8 e-tron has made improvements
from the previous model here as well.
We've reduced the drag coefficient by .02
due to a new controllable air inlet behind the grill
and new spoilers that direct air around the tires.
The Q8 e-tron offers updates
on already unparalleled ride quality
through a more direct steering ratio,
stiffer front axle lateral control arm bushings and revised stability control.
The quietness inside the cabin of the Q8 e-tron is something you just have to experience to truly
appreciate. While the Q8 e-tron has the rugged versatility for just about any adventure,
you shouldn't have to compromise on a sleek design to get there.
The Q8 e-tron has many updates to its styling as well.
The iconic light signature returns with matrix design LED headlights but adds a
striking change with an Audi first, the single frame projection light which
illuminates an all-new grille design. The new flat style Audi rings adorn the back
and front of the vehicle and the Q8 Insignia is the first in Audi's new
badging design. The SUV maximizes storage while the sport back adds a sportier
look with its distinct sloped rear. A new rear bumper and wheel options up to 22
inches on the Q8 Sportback e-tron round out the exterior updates. An Audi
interior is always a premium one and the Q8 e-tron is one of our most unique. The
interior retains the same distinct design as its predecessor, an
orchestration of shape, material, light and sound. From the customizable ambient
lighting, to the horizontal lines cutting out every angle, to the floating gear selector,
the Q8 e-tron continues to stand apart from other EVs in its class. The Q8 e-tron truly is the
electric SUV that can take you just about anywhere. But how do we ensure that you can
actually get there? Public high-speed charging has finally matured to the point where major
corridors in the U.S. are now covered, and the infrastructure continues to grow.
To take advantage of that, Audi has partnered with Electrify America to offer public charging
for the first two years of new Q8 e-tron ownership at no additional cost.
With its 170 kilowatt maximum charging speed, the Q8 e-tron can recharge from 10 to 80 percent
in just about 30 minutes at a DC fast charging station.
And with the plug-and-charge feature through the MyAudi app at certain locations, you can
simply plug in, charge, and that's it.
The Q8 e-tron is the no-compromise electric SUV that's ready for anything.
We've thought of everything, and now made it even better than before, can get there
faster, go further, and with the SUV or Sportback, do it in the one that fits your lifestyle.
All of this wrapped in Audi's signature drive and build quality.
Our most important vehicle in 40 years refined.
The Audi Q8 e-tron SUV and Sportback.
