And thank you so much for joining us today. Thank you to everyone who's watching the live stream and to everyone here at the Eaton Center. That's right. That's right. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Mark Saltzman. I'm a fellow tech colleague of Amber's and my fellow geek at heart. We're thrilled to have a really fun unboxing today. And you can live stream, by the way, at the ultimate.
TheUltimateMobileDevice.com, I should say. For those who aren't here in person, make sure that you share it online and you can take pictures and use the hashtag as well. Yes, so for everybody, whether you're watching the live stream or you're here in person, we encourage you to take pictures and use the hashtag Spark Mobile. Thanks again for joining us. Now, Mark and I have been at a lot of unboxings over the years. I don't want to say how many years, but Mark just told me he's been in this business for 20 years. Yeah, that's right. Now, we've done a lot of unboxing. Usually, it's on YouTube. This is not only...
public but as I mentioned live streaming around the world which is pretty exciting. We've had a lot of guesses on social media what we're unboxing today. Yeah we've had some pretty good guesses so we're asking people on social media what's in the box. One of my favorite guesses is someone thought that Gwyneth Paltrow was going to be in the box. I know it's so random. Sorry to disappoint but Gwyneth Paltrow will not be in the box and many other guesses as well. So we want to be respectful of your time so we're going to jump right to it.
Let's see what is in the box. Amber, I'm going to let you have the honors here. OK, all right. Let's take a look at this. What is that? What's going on there? I'm going to press this button, see what happens. What? Is it not this box that we're unboxing? What's going on? Wow, I guess it's a little bit bigger than we anticipated. It's a little bigger.
All right, so guys, we are pleased to reveal the first in its class to offer Apple CarPlay and Android Auto compatibility. We call this Spark. That's right. The connected car revolution is here. Yes, thank you very much. Take a moment and applaud. Thank you. All right, so we have all this awesome tech in our... There we go. We have, Amber, it's no secret, we have amazing tech in our pockets. We have it in our home. We have it at the office.
Now you can have the latest technology in the one place that we spend a good chunk of our day, especially in Toronto, our vehicles. Yeah, so this is really exciting. I don't know about you guys, but I have low-grade anxiety when I'm not connected to my device. I get a little bit anxious. I want to be connected literally 24-7. And Mark and I are going to talk about some of the features of Spark. And we're so excited to talk, first of all, about this Wi-Fi connectivity. And as you'll notice on the top of the Spark, this antenna, Mark, you're going to talk...
little bit more about that because that's a very important piece of this. So this is your own personal Wi-Fi hotspot.
on four wheels. So when you want high speed online connectivity, you don't need to go find a cafe to sit outside of and use the Internet. You can join up to seven devices in the vehicle. So you're on a road trip with your buddies. One can have a laptop on their lap. The second could have a tablet. Third can have a smartphone. And you've got high speed connectivity with that antenna that Amber mentioned three times stronger than the cellular signal that your phone can muster. And, you know, it's also great for for road trips with kids as well in the backseat.
Absolutely. I just went on a 21 hour road trip with my six and a half year old to Florida. If you've ever done that you will probably wish that you had Wi-Fi in the car. Now this is Mark mentioned totally different than just creating a hotspot in the car because you have better coverage but you also have better plans. So let's talk about this Mark. It starts at $10 a month. Now if you want one gig of data it goes up to $20 a month and the best thing about this is it's not just in Toronto it's across Canada and across the United States. That's right.
if you're driving down to Florida, your kids or your friends, your husband or wife, they can sit there if they haven't caught up on the latest episode of House of Cards. They can watch Netflix and do anything that they need to do in the car. Yeah, or my kids will be playing Minecraft in the backseat online. Again, no roaming fees and it even works outside of the vehicle. So imagine you're camping or as we call it, glamping in our house. You can actually watch a TV show on your tablet in the tent or if you're a mobile worker, maybe you are an insurance adjuster or a real estate
agent, you can pull off into a parking lot and get much better high-speed connectivity than what your phone can deliver up to 50 feet outside of your car. So that's one very cool thing out of three we're going to talk about today with the Spark and that is built-in Wi-Fi hotspot using 4G LTE connectivity and automatically deferring to the strongest cell towers. It's not tied to one particular carrier, you're always going to get the best. And then next, as Amber teased earlier, the ability to connect your smartphone in new ways with this car.
an Android user or an Apple user and we know more and more when it comes to families and couples and friends people are on at different platforms and so what's great about this is that it works for both so if you can have an iPhone maybe your husband has an Android device you can plug them into the card it will work with those devices. If you have an iPhone it's called CarPlay if you're an Android user like Samsung HTC LG Sony and so on it's called Android Auto as you can see in the video here you simply connect your favorite smartphone to your vehicle it charts
up your phone of course put it away so you're not tempted to touch your phone when you're behind the wheel and now the dashboard in this case a 7-inch touchscreen dashboard with the the spark it'll it'll somewhat resemble your home screen that familiar smartphone home screen that you know and love already with the apps that you know and love as well
important point because it doesn't just mirror your smartphone but instead this is a custom view so it's a safer experience that means you have all of those things that you could need while you're driving for example as an Android user I love Google Maps so I easily have access to Google Maps at my fingertips but also hands-free again for a safer experience. That's right. Chevy actually worked with Apple and Google to ensure that it's hands-free so as the late Jim Morrison once famously saying you can keep your eyes on the road and hands upon the wheel. Speaking of the wheel there's a push to
talk button that lets you activate Siri if you're an iPhone user or Android Google now for Android users and in speaking of which when you get a text message for example your vehicle is now going to read it to you and you can respond with your voice and it gets transcribed back into text so it's not like
you're going to be reading anything on a touch screen. It's completely safe. And I also like, so making calls hands-free, maps and navigation. I love Google Maps and it's always updated of course. And of course there's music and other entertainment. Imagine streaming radio stations from around the world. TuneIn Radio, for example, works with CarPlay and Android Auto. A hundred thousand radio stations, so you're not limited to just what's in your city. And we also wanted to talk about a free app that comes with this, which is called RemoteLink. And we're really excited about this. This means that you can...
remotely do so many different things with Spark that you could never imagine not just within a certain proximity of the car but anywhere in the world because remember this is your own hotspot this car is connected to the internet so there's a lot you can do with that app. That's right so RemoteLink is a free download for Apple and iOS devices you can do a number of things such as remotely lock and unlock the vehicle using cellular connectivity so it's not like your fob where you have to be really close you could be walking through the Toronto Eaton Centre right now going did I lock my car with a push of
a button on that free app, it'll lock your vehicle. If you locked your keys inside your vehicles, how many people have done that? You can unlock it using the app as well. You can remotely start your car, which is also very convenient in this kind of weather, and also enable the alarm. Let's say you left, I don't know, Canada's Wonderland, and you forgot where you parked. Well, you just hit that button on the app and it'll.
chirp that familiar horn sound. And let's talk a little bit about remotely starting your car. I have to go back to this point. This isn't about being within a certain proximity. But let's say that I land at Pearson after a long work trip and I know it's cold outside. I want to be able to warm up my car. All I have to do is literally step off the plane and I can remotely start my car. That means after I go through and get my luggage and I go out to my car, it will be nice and warm for the trip home. So this is a big deal. Again, it's all about that Internet connectivity. Right. And RemoteLink also lets you access
information about your vehicle when you're outside of it. You can see your mileage, you can see like what your gas levels, your oil life, you can see your tire pressure. All that information is again the touch of a button on your smartphone in that app and whether that's important to you and it's relevant to you or you can share that with the mechanic very easily right from the smartphone itself. So that RemoteLink app is great it works across all devices that are smart like the Spark here. And completely free. Now we should also mention because Mark and I
have done so many unboxings and we want to talk about price because that's an important thing, a part of any unboxing really. That's right, so whenever we do an unboxing, price is important and I think that's a really big part of this story. This vehicle is $158 a month which is not unlike a smartphone plant or under 10 grand to start for the Chevy Spark which is big enough, it's as big of a story as the tech itself. Pretty impressive for all that tech because usually you have to buy the premium vehicle to
that kind of technology under the hood, not so in this case. Ten colors too. Yeah, ten different colors. So starting at just less than $10,000, you essentially have a smartphone on wheels. It's very impressive. You can learn a lot more at TheUltimateMobileDevice.com. We're encouraging you to ask questions using the hashtag SparkMobile for those on Twitter that want to ask questions. I know a couple have come through already. Yes, so thank you to everybody on the live stream who has joined us today. Thank you so much for tuning in.
more information online. And like Mark said, you can continue to tweet with us using the hashtag Spark Mobile. That's right. Thanks for joining us. We appreciate your time. While we open to any questions that you may have online and off, we also want to bring up Chris who's going to answer any questions you've got about the vehicle.
