Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the new Motor Show stand of Lexus. Its new look demonstrates our commitment to design and craftsmanship but it also reflects a new era for Lexus.
We see it as an inviting place where we can steer the senses of our guests. And here they will discover hints about our heritage, but they will also have clear indications about the bold direction Lexus is heading. They will discover elements...
which reflect our passions and our ambitions, but also a few items that have inspired our product designs. And I would like to take a small but iconic example. This is this Kiriko vase. It's a unique piece of Japanese craftsmanship that goes back to the early 19th century, actually to the Edo period.
It's uniquely cut and colored, and it did inspire the bespoke door inserts of our new flagship. You will hear more about that in a moment. As you might expect, our luxury lifestyle and brand passions do extend beyond this space. In January, we revealed our new luxury sport yacht concept in Miami. This unique project put our designers to the test.
The sport's yacht features Lexus' distinctive design cues and a Mark Levinson sound system. Thanks to its twin 5-litre V8 engines delivering 660kW, it can reach an impressive top speed of 43 knots or 80kmph. Lexus is also a partner in the biggest European movie production ever, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, produced by Europa Corp.
For this movie, the creative teams imagined a vehicle grounded in reality, but befitting the Valerian world sets 700 years in the future. The Lexus Skyjet. So, experience amazing.
Experience amazing is much more than our new tagline. It's our ambitious goal for all our activities. And we've brought a few amazing things here to Geneva. As nothing beats the excitement of motorsport, let me introduce this impressive carbon black
car that stands here in front of you. It's the 2017 RC F GT3 which is making its debut here at the Geneva Motor Show.
GT3 is probably the highest level of engagement in customer motorsport. And this is where we want to play a role in the coming year. And this RCF will race in the USA and in Japan in 2017. In Europe, last year, some prototypes have participated to VLN races at the Nürburgring. And we have even run this car, this very specific car,
for the first time at the VLN 9 race in October. And guess what? It won the race. So this was making Lexus the first Asian manufacturer to claim victory in a VLN race at the Nürburgring.
This year we will participate in selected international GT Open races and this is a very important step in our program. We want to bring Lexus to the top level in GT3 racing in Europe in the very near future.
In addition to the positive reactions that we get from our recent lifestyle and also motorsport activities, we see similar results coming from customers in our showrooms. 2016 has been for Lexus globally a year of a new record with the sales of 677,000 vehicles and this was our fifth consecutive year of growth. Here in Europe,
we remain among the fastest growing regions for Lexus with 17% year-on-year growth, setting a new record last year with over 74,000 units. The launch of the new RX was a tremendous success as retail partners have nearly tripled their sales versus 2015. Now, the question is, what can you expect from Lexus in 2017?
In 2017 we will bring two new exceptional vehicles to the market and these two distinct Lexus models will feature the very best we have to offer. Brave design, exceptional performance credentials and imaginative technologies.
We revealed the LC last year and it will reach the European showrooms this summer. And I have very good news. I have very good news to share with you. The LC will be very competitively priced. In Germany, for example, it will be offered from €99,200. This year, we will also introduce the fifth generation of our flagship sedan.
the LS. The LS is the model that 28 years ago launched our Lexus brand and it triggered a revolution in the premium market at that time. And I personally believe that this fifth generation has all the ingredients to do it again. So the new LS had its debut at the Detroit Auto Show this January and it featured the all-new twin-turbo V6 engine coupled with
10-speed transmission, automatic transmission, which is an industry first for the luxury market. The LS500 brings the best of both worlds. It delivers a level of performance that you can find in V8 engine while minimizing noise and fuel consumption. And today, I'm very happy to introduce a second model of the new LS lineup. Ladies and gentlemen,
the full hybrid LS500H. So as you can see, the new LS combines the physical presence and the interior space of a luxury sedan, but with the sleek silhouette of a four-door coupe.
And its stunning interior has already won its first accolade by taking home the very famous ISON Design Award at the Detroit Motor Show. The LS500H will be powered by the Lexus multi-stage hybrid system. This system is of course already featured in the LC500. And it represents the next generation of hybrid system, providing more direct acceleration,
and more fun to drive, while improving fuel economy at higher speeds. So this is our new global architecture and it's lower and wider and it's actually the stiffest platform Lexus has ever developed. And it allows occupants to sit closer to the center of gravity thanks to the critical weight being ideally distributed.
The new LS features the most advanced dynamic safety control system of the industry. Its intuitive braking and pedestrian detection system with active steering are a world first. So if a collision with a pedestrian is imminent, the car will automatically brake and steer around the person while keeping its traffic lane.
As you would expect, the new LS features more than technology innovation. It's also a synonym of exceptional luxury. Take the rear seats. They offer the ultimate relaxation experience, combining a massage function with heating, according to the ancient Japanese shiatsu principle. And this is another world's first.
We worked with some of Japan's most talented craftsmen to create a unique look and feel for the interior, and the inner door panels are inspired by origami. As you can see, they've been pleated hand by hand, one by one, like you would do it in haute couture.
We also have the Kiriko glass insert. It uses the same technique as the blue vase that we display in the lounge upstairs.
The LS500H will be launched in Europe in the last quarter of 2017. And I can't wait for you to experience amazing yourself by either getting behind the wheel or perhaps on the back seat for the Shiatsu massage. So, feel free to join us in our new launch. I wish you to enjoy the rest of the show. And as we close, I would like to invite Lexus International
executive vice president, but also the future president of Lexus International, Mr Yoshihiro Sawa, to join me on stage for a photo opportunity. So I wish you a great day and see you at the show.
