and gentlemen. On behalf of everyone at Chevrolet, I'd like to welcome you to Detroit and the North American International Auto Show. And I would especially like to welcome the US Senator, Debbie Stabenow, from Michigan. Please give a warm round of applause. This is truly a great day for Chevrolet.
It marks the continuation of our product onslaught with the first of five new introductions slated for 2015. These new products will enhance what I believe is already the strongest product lineup in the history of the brand and make it one of the freshest portfolios in the industry.
By the end of 2015, 95% of the US Chevrolet lineup will be all new or significantly updated compared to just four years ago, offering customers the latest technologies and advanced safety features. Each one of the five new vehicles we will debut this year will be all new next generation passenger cars.
That's five new cars that promise to move your heart with design and performance and ease your mind with industry-leading safety, quality and value. Chevrolet has always been an authentic American brand powered by design and innovation, truly for the people. That innovative spirit expresses itself in different ways to satisfy the various needs of our very different customers.
Whether it's integrating Siri into our small cars or the quarter-step rear bumper in Colorado, which is the 2015 Motor Train Truck of the Year, what it all comes down to is giving our customers solutions that make their lives better. One area that we continue to pursue aggressively is the electrification of the automobile.
The Chevrolet Volt represents a truly major milestone in the development of the modern electric vehicle. Not just for Chevrolet, but for the whole industry. And it embodies what we mean when we say, find new roads. It is discovering the power, the true power of possibilities. The goal we set ourselves was to develop a kind of car that has never ever existed before.
not just an electric vehicle, but an extended range electric vehicle, an EV that would run exclusively on battery power for most people's daily commute, then automatically engage an onboard generator if they need to go farther.
It truly has established Chevrolet as an industry leader in the development of electric vehicles and has been, the Volt has been, the best selling plug-in since it was first launched in 2010. It was also the 2011 North American Car of the Year. It was acknowledged by many of you as being a true technological marvel.
But most importantly, some of you called it a moonshot. It has allowed customers to burn a lot less gasoline. How big is everything? Phone owners average more than 970 miles between fill-ups. And they drive on battery power 80% of the time.
Collectively, Volt owners have driven 650 million EV miles, saving more than 34 million gallons of gas. That's like shutting off the gas pumps in Washington DC for three and a half months. What's most gratifying is the fact that Volt owners are the most satisfied owners on the planet. The Chevrolet Volt 1, they're right here.
The Chevrolet Volkswagen J.D. Powers appeal award for three years in a row. And these were not Chevy loyalists. More than two-thirds of Volkswagen owners are new to Chevrolet and new to General Motors. The two most frequently traded in vehicles are the Toyota Prius and the BMW 3 Series.
As a group, these Volt owners right here are not bashful about sharing their enthusiasm for the car. In fact, here are 50 Volt owners from all over the country that have joined us here today because they're so excited about the new Volt. If you chance already, please talk to them. They truly will tell you how great this car is.
We found that they're also very willing to tell us what we need to improve on the next vault. And I can tell you, we listen to them. While they love today's vault, what they want is more range, better fuel economy, and better acceleration.
So when we started to develop the next generation Chevrolet Volt, we truly took a clean sheet approach and examined every part to make it even better. The result is a new Volt that improves upon every aspect of the owner experience.
We truly made it more fun to drive. We built upon our industry-leading battery technology. We created an all-new electric drive unit that is more powerful, more efficient, smooth and quiet. And we gave it a lean and really muscular new exterior design and we simplified the interior to make it more contemporary. Quite simply...
The new Volt is better in every way. Ladies and gentlemen, I am very proud and it is my honor to introduce to you now the 2016 Chevrolet Volt. Welcome to a new level. Owners wanted to see greater range on the new model and we have delivered. We expect the new Volt to reach 50 miles on a fully charged battery. Over 31% improvement over today's Volt.
The total range reaches more than 400 miles when you add a regular tank of gasoline. To deliver these gains, we improved every system and component on the vehicle, starting with our industry-leading battery technology. By using new chemistry, we were able to reduce the number of cells and still increase the overall storage capacity.
The Voltec electric drive unit is completely new, with two new GM motor designs that are smaller, lighter, and more efficient to operate. And by having the two motors operate together more often, 0 to 30 acceleration is improved 20% to 2.6 seconds.
The new vote will also be the first application here in North America of our all-new 1.5-liter four-cylinder EcoTech engine, providing more refined and efficient power in extended range mode. This all adds up to a vehicle that's more than 200 pounds lighter. Here is an estimated MPGe rating of more than 100 in EV mode. That's a big improvement over today's goal.
Beyond the technology, this next generation Volt also gets an expressive new exterior design that is leaner and lower along with a more refined interior that emphasizes comfort and simplicity. With a multitude of improvements based on owner's input, the 2016 Chevrolet Volt is another example of how General Motors is putting the customer at the center of everything we do. It's more efficient.
more responsive, more refined, and has a greater range. In every way, it improves on the Voltz formula for a no-compromises electric vehicle. It also confirms our leadership position in the area of electric vehicle engineering and manufacturing. Now, we intend to take it further.
We've been applying our electrification expertise to a new challenge, a challenge that gets to the heart of Chevrolet's inherent desire to engineer innovative solutions that meet our customers' needs. Building on the experience gained from both the Volt and the Spark EV, Chevrolet is committed to once again raising the bar by bringing an affordable, long-range, all-electric vehicle to market.
and we'd like to show you what it might look like right now. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the Chevrolet Bolt EV Concept.
concept is designed to deliver a range of more than 200 miles and cost about $30,000. That's right, the Chevrolet is designed to offer 200 miles of range and cost about $30,000. This is truly an EV for everyone. For most people, this could be their everyday driver.
The kind of innovation will raise the bar for electric vehicles around the globe. In addition to advanced battery technology, other techniques that contribute to the bulk eating range include active air devices and advanced lightweight materials that include aluminum, magnesium, and carbon fiber.
But trust me, this is no stripped down science experiment. The Bolt EV concept offers unexpected functionality and technology with proportions and flexibility of crossover. It's an all electric vehicle for the real world. One that satisfies the daily needs of our customers, not just in California, but in the 50 states and select markets around the world.
It also showcases our substantial expertise in the many different areas that are required to lead in electrification. At General Motors, we have the people, the production facilities, the engineering, the design, and the manufacturing knowledge. And we have the will to make this even more of a competitive advantage for Chevrolet and General Motors.
Thank you all for your time and attention this morning, and now I'd like to ask Alan Beatty to return to the stage, but I really want you to take a closer look at both the Volt EV Concept and the 2016 Chevrolet Volt. Thank you.