Intelligence is the driving force of luxury.
Boasting sophisticated technologies and driver assistance systems,
the Audi A8 is leading the way for all there is to come.
Engineered to offer peerless levels of comfort, precise detail, and innovative design,
the elegant and prestigious stance of the A8 sets itself apart in its class.
The illumination innovations have been designed around dynamic lighting.
The OLED taillights are precise and thin, 200 times thinner than a human hair.
This allows for more flexibility within the integration of the body of the A8.
Light is moving and changing character on both the front and rear lights.
They bring individual character and a unique identity to the Audi A8.
Inside the A8, it becomes clear. This is the pinnacle of luxury.
Every stitch is perfected, every surface scrutinized.
wraparound black panel to the motion of the air vents. The rear has a wireless
control system to operate most of the car's functions, while foot massagers
allow you to relax during a commute. Matrix LED interior lights allow for an
increased level of interior cabin lighting control. Building off the
intuitive use of smartphones while utilizing two touch screens with haptic
and acoustic feedback, the Audi MMI redefines interactivity in a luxury car.
Touch response in the MMI is a modern intuitive interface that maximizes
control of navigation, settings, and infotainment while minimizing buttons,
switches, and clutter. The virtual 3D view lets the driver use the touchscreen to
rotate and zoom the image of the car and the actual vehicle surroundings. The next
generation of Audi Connect introduces connected navigation, 3D city models with
predictive routing, and a more refined natural language selection system. The
The new dynamic all-wheel steering system connects the driver to the road like never
before.
Steering wheel feedback automatically balances for comfort while cruising and provides more
responsive control while driving dynamically.
Rear wheel steering turns the rear wheels up to 5 degrees, giving the long wheelbase
A8 a turning radius similar to a much smaller A4.
The A8 introduces a revolutionary active suspension system that has to be felt to be believed.
Predictive sensing anticipates hazards ahead, allowing actuators at each wheel to adjust
the suspension in real time, providing a smoother ride that changes the expectations of driving
comfort.
The A8 has a higher level of energy requirements to power these systems as well.
The 48-volt mild hybrid system accomplishes this and more, such as a smoother start-stop
system than previously possible.
The Audi A8 brings a host of driver assistance systems that are a first for the brand.
Adaptive Cruise Assist eases the stress of the road at all normal highway speeds with
active lane sensing, stop and go, and steering guidance.
The Audi PreSense 360 safety system detects collision hazards all around the car and initiates
specific preventive measures.
Using the active suspension system with PreSense 360, if an imminent collision from the side
is detected, the suspension will raise the side of the car several inches to allow the
stronger areas of the frame to absorb the impact, significantly reducing the severity
of potential impact.
Intersection Assist brings the functionality of rear cross traffic to the front of the
car, providing warnings and braking if a hazard from the side is detected.
Dynamic.
Intelligent.
With cutting edge technology that redefines luxury's credentials.
The Audi A8.
