Hey, everyone. This is the Nissan Altima. This is a car that gives you surprising versatility in a spacious, fuel-efficient sedan with intelligent all-wheel drive so you're ready for snow, rain, and other tough weather. Add on SUV-like flexibility, round it out with cool tech, a premium interior, and Altima is ready with a lot of solves built in to help you enjoy every part of your drive. Let's check it out.
Want to make commuting a little easier? Just press this button. ProPilot Assist helps with steering to help keep you centered and at a set distance in your lane. And it can handle stop and go highway traffic for you. Rest your feet and relax your hands. It does the rest. Push the button here and add a little kick to your drive. Getting stuck in stop traffic can be a drag, but press this auto hold button and Ultima will hold the brakes for you so you can chill a bit. When it's time to move, just hit the accelerator. Ultima automatically releases the brake for you.
Plan to be here for a while? Nissan literally has your back with Ultima's zero-gravity front seats. They're inspired by astronauts' long journey into space. To make sure you can charge the latest devices, Ultima has USB-A and USB-C inputs. And with Apple CarPlay, you can access certain apps from your compatible iPhone right on the display. Use your favorite third-party navigation apps for even more traffic intel. Even keeping out noise comes down to a science. Acoustic laminated glass in the front windows
helps keep your drive quiet. Handy on conference calls, everyone hears better. Not to mention, you can enjoy the awesome sound from the Bose premium audio system. How about taking on every tight parking spot ever? Check out Ultima's intelligent Around View Monitor. It gives you two views, a bumper view and a drone-like view from above so you can see your surroundings. It's great for backing into tricky parallel parking spots or pulling forward into tight spots.
Are you that one helpful friend? Well, you can load up moving boxes with ease. Drop down the second row and you have a bonafide cargo bay. Need to carry larger items? They slide right in. Bring your bike. No need to pop off the front wheel. Who needs an SUV with space like this?
On a freezing cold morning, Ultima has you covered. Just start your car remotely and warm it up with Remote Engine Start. It warms the cabin while heating the steering wheel and seats. You'll never drive in a winter coat and gloves again. If you're like me, you'll occasionally forget stuff in the backseat when you get out of the car. Nissan solved that with Rear Door Alert. Once it's activated, you can get an on-screen reminder and a quick beep to check for anything you might have left behind. You don't want to be the guy who forgot the birthday cake.
have a tire that needs a little air? Ultima honks when you've reached the right psi and three times when you've overfilled. This is a smart solve. You can choose your wiper speed at a glance. Nissan has taken the guesswork out of figuring out what your wiper setting is. They put the settings right on the screen in front of you so you don't end up on a manic setting for just a few drops. Looks like we've pretty much covered all of Ultima's solves. All that's left to do is get behind the wheel and enjoy the drive.
