This is the Nissan Ariya, Nissan's most innovative thinking to date. Bold design, a lounge-like interior, next-gen connectivity, and a driving experience that's both relaxing and thrilling. It's a fully electric crossover, as you've never seen it before, and we get to explore it together. Now the first thing you'll see is what Nissan calls timeless Japanese futurism. It's simple, yet powerfully modern.
See that linear horizontal flow that cuts through the entire vehicle? There's a fluidity and a symmetry that you'll find throughout. And in the front, you'll find a work of art inspired by the Japanese Kumiko style of woodwork, made modern. That detail continues illuminating in Aria's signature light blades and three-dimensional taillights. And you'll find more of it inside.
First off, it's not about what you see, it's about what you don't. No controls on the dash, and the best part, no large hump on the floor. Now look at this. Aria comes alive the instant you press the start button. See how the buttons illuminate and the surfaces activate. And remember the Kumiko pattern in front?
Well, it flows throughout the interior as well. Now let's talk lighting a bit more. With Aria, it's more than setting a mood. It's actually telling you something. White means manual normal driving. Turn on ProPILOT Assist 2.0, the light turns green, and you can relax your feet. And when it turns blue, hands-off driving assistance is enabled. And see this? Those illuminated buttons we saw earlier also communicate to you. Give them a push, and you can actually feel it push back, just like those haptic buttons on your mobile devices.
EVs are quiet, but Aria has some additional smart solutions to achieve a sense of silence. Aria has special laminated glass that absorbs sound, helping to create an environment ideal for music, phone calls, and conversations. And when it comes to conversation, you can even have one with Aria. Voice control is designed to let you speak naturally, like this. Hello, Nissan. Set the temperature to 72 degrees. And just like that, you find your comfort zone. But voice control doesn't stop there.
With available Alexa integration, you can activate smart home features. Alexa, open the garage. Alexa, turn on my dining room lights. Alexa, play Road Trip Rock playlist. Cool, huh? Want to see something else cool? A simple push of a button slides the entire console back and forth. And check this out, a dash tray that emerges at your command. Instant mobile office, complete with remote capabilities. Now let's have a look in the back.
Because Aria's battery sits low in the chassis, you have a flat floor for a second row with more than enough space and comfort for five to have a lounge all to themselves. Got a family adventure in mind?
Aria has more than enough space for all your suitcases and backpacks and still have room for souvenirs. Drop the second row and boom! You have more than twice the space ready to go for something massive that needs moving or to head to the mountains for a weekend ride. But this space also comes with a few hidden tricks. Aria features Nissan's Divide and Hide cargo system. Need to be ready for your daily adventure or secure a few oddball items? Done.
This is the Nissan Ariya, and it's taking charging and range to the next level.
First off, it isn't all that different from charging one of these. There are three levels of charging. Let's start with the fastest way to charge, level three. It's a 480 volt charger and can get a low battery to about 80% in 35 minutes. Level three also utilizes CCS connector plugs, which is the fastest growing network in the country. Level two is the most common option and the type of charger you get installed at home or would find at a shopping center. Level one uses your typical wall plug at home.
It might not be the fastest way to charge, but it's useful in a pinch. And you can check your current charging status right here on your dash or from your mobile device. We got the basics on charging, now let's talk range. Ariya offers two drivetrains and two battery options to suit a wide variety of needs, from daily commuting to a weekend adventure. Now let's talk planning. Got a road trip that might need a charge along the way? Nissan has Intelligent Route Planner built in.
letting you know where you can charge, what level of charging is available, and the quickest route to your destination. And with the app, it's also available on your phone. We covered charging and range, now let's cover Aria's power source, its battery. Aria features Nissan's most innovative battery technology yet.
There's two great options. If you're a bit more economical, this 63 kilowatt-hour battery should suit your needs just fine. If you're looking for more range to go that extra distance, go with the 87 kilowatt-hour battery. But performance, range, and efficiency are nothing without durability.
whether it's freezing cold or boiling outside. An advanced liquid-cooled thermal management system protects the battery during fast charging. It's so reliable, Nissan backs it up with a warranty for up to 100,000 miles, or 8 years, whichever occurs first on all battery components. Are you looking for more relaxation or exhilaration in your drive? How about the best of both?
Aria can anticipate and can help assist with your drive with two different driver assist systems. The most advanced is ProPILOT Assist 2.0, and it's offered on upper trims featuring a hands-off experience. Let's say you're on one of your daily drives. Once the system is activated, you'll notice the lighting along the interior horizon line change from white to green, and you can remove your feet off the pedals. And once the light turns blue, you can remove your hands from the steering wheel. Then you can settle into your zero-gravity seat.
Relaxation activated. Looking for a hassle-free way to park? Aria's ProPILOT Park has you covered. This system uses advanced cameras and sonar to help you find the optimal way to park. Once you're in position, push down the button, take your hands off the wheel, tuck your feet back, and relax. Now, when it comes to parking, whether bay or parallel, you're a total pro. We covered hands-off with ProPILOT Assist and ProPILOT Park.
Now, let's talk hands-on, because if a thrilling drive is more your style, Ari's got that covered too. Opt for the E-Force dual-motor all-wheel drive system, and you not only get high performance, you get holistic performance. Imagine the exhilarating acceleration and control of a sports car, the crossover capability to take on unpaved roads with all-weather confidence, and both in a ride that was so comfortable you thought you were in a hovercraft. Now you can get the best of all worlds.
Aria's dual display offers you a window into a whole new world. It has two dynamic 12.3 inch dual screen displays that seamlessly flow along a single horizon. But check this out. What appears to be one screen is actually two. In front of you is a high resolution display wrapped around you for optimal visibility. And curved toward you for easy reach is your very own digital touch display. And the best part, both screens work together. See?
Now you have detailed directions right in front of you. And to keep you connected to the road, there's an intuitive head-up display. Speed limits hover over the road, directions appear at the upcoming turn, and ProPILOT ASSIST 2.0 allows you to see what the vehicle sees. And with all this connectivity, ARIA gives you another cool way to connect.
Update your Aria over the air, just like your mobile devices. But that's not all. Aria is fully integrated into your life. All the essential apps are available and ready to go when you are. You can get directions, make calls, and listen to music while staying focused on the road ahead, all wirelessly. A simple slide in place and no more dealing with cables. Recharge? Done.
A sense of serenity, an innovative interior, and detailed design, Aria is more than a fully electric crossover. It's a force of wonder.
