You have a nice time on the boat?
Yeah, let me hear you.
Yeah.
So greetings and warm welcome to San Francisco Bay.
Thank you for being part of this important evening for Audi.
It's an, let's say, exciting moment.
A big thank you to Scott Kiew and his team,
who organized this and hosted this.
Thank you very much, Scott.
There's a saying that dates back to Benjamin Franklin
and his famous experiments on electricity.
when you achieve something remarkable,
you have caught lightning in a bottle.
Guys, magic, isn't it?
And that's precisely what this bottle represents.
We have harnessed the collective power of Audi,
the collective power of our designers,
our engineers, our dealers, and our customers,
and have created something special, truly special.
Our first fully electric car, the Audi e-tron.
It is truly for us, at Audi, a unique moment in history.
And at such a special moment, you know,
it's considered the proper thing to take some time,
sit down, relax, and reflect, and turn it all off.
You're like, we know where we come from.
I think that's known.
We have not forgotten our past.
We have not forgotten about what happened
over the past few years.
We have to think backwards from our imagination
because we decided where to take Audi.
So thinking back from imagination,
it's better to discuss and think forward from our past.
We decided that our heritage is not our destiny,
it's not our fate.
It was time for a fundamental change,
and that's just what we're doing.
We needed to improve ourselves,
to assume responsibility
and become better than ever before.
Neutron marks a special moment in time.
It marks the beginning of a new era for us all at Audi,
a new era in electric mobility.
The e-tron is the first of many to come,
delivering on our promise, Forsprung durch Technik.
It's, of course, not the world's first electric vehicle.
A Scotsman, I don't know if you know that,
introduced an electric vehicle in 1832.
My ancestors are Scottish.
That's why my name is Scott.
So it brings full circle.
It's nice, isn't it?
This is Audi's first electric vehicle.
It is our first electric vehicle.
Forsprung, meaning being ahead,
is defined not only by being the first to do something,
Forsprung rather means being the first to do something right.
Forsprung once meant Quattro,
all-wheel drive, aluminium construction,
LED, lightning.
And what do we mean by doing things right?
We want to merge the new world of electric mobility
together with 100 years of experience
of manufacturing premium cars.
We build a new ecosystem around electric car
with premium digital services like functions on demand.
We strive to live sustainability in a very consistent way.
Our electric cars enable driving with more responsibility.
And they are built at the CO2 neutral plant,
Brussels, Belgium.
And in the future, electric cars, autonomous driving
and sharing will become together.
And this will result in a new mobility system
with more freedom and more responsibility for all of us.
So there's a first time for everything to be done the Audi way.
Progressive, consistent, and without compromises.
Companies that are very, very successful don't make compromises.
So when your AGs are bold enough to do things different,
you can change everything.
When an experience gives you wisdom, you can rethink everything.
And that is when the time is right for everything to go your way.
Muhammad Ali did not invent the knockout punch.
Elvis did not invent rock and roll.
Salvador Dali did not invent painting.
And we did not invent the electric car.
No, we did it our way.
We injected it with the Audi DNA.
We challenge everything and relentlessly test everything.
We've combined intelligent technology with white-knuckle performance.
And the experience that comes from over 100 years of punching difficult in the teeth.
This is electric, unleashed.
Taking on mud, snow, and mountains.
With experience earned on the racetrack.
This is full throttled and fully connected.
This is a new way to drive
with high-speed charging capabilities
and with the full backing of a global dealer network.
This isn't just a new car.
This is a community of like-minded doers
coming together.
This is electric,
engineered to shake up the world.
You liked it? It was good, huh?
So, I guess it's not only about being the first to do things.
things. You know, you saw that in the film. It's about doing the things right the first time. Doing
them right when the time is right. And the time is right for electric to go Audi. I assure you,
with the Audi e-tron you won't miss a thing. Because we are putting our customers first
concerning safety and comfort. This is at the core of our strategy. And this is why we strive
to create the digital experience of tomorrow,
our cars will become an integral component
of our customers' digital lives.
This will make mobility safe, convenient and individual.
At Audi, we strive to be the trendsetters for autonomous mobility.
The Audi icon demonstrated our vision.
Fully electric, fully autonomous and fully connected.
With cars like that, we want to redefine individual mobility.
And at Audi, we strive to take electric mobility
to the next level.
We plan to offer more than 20 new models until 2025.
Some will be plug-in hybrids,
and half of them will be fully electric.
Following the Audi e-tron,
we will launch the Audi e-tron sportsback next year,
an electric-powered compact model in 2020,
as well as a four-door Gran Turismo,
which will be a spectacular car in the same year.
The Audi e-tron GT will be the sporty spearhead
of our electric cars.
We believe in the midst of the next decade,
30 percent of us old cars will be electrified.
So the Al Yitron is just the beginning of a lot of new cars.
It's the beginning and the first of its kind.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, it's time.
It's time, and the moment we're all been waiting for,
it's time to meet the car
that strives to lead the way in premium electrification.
And that will drive Audi into its new future.
It's time to show the world exactly what we mean
when we say electric has gone Audi.
You like it?
Look at this car, this is state of the art,
top notch expression of e-mobility,
both technology-wise and design-wise.
This is another Audi that will truly make you have fun,
happy and proud to drive.
And when it comes to talking about design,
there's nobody better than our chief designer,
Mark Lechter, who can explain the car.
Mark, where are you?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Ladies and gentlemen, today,
the technological heart of an Audi is the engine.
And with a position in the front,
this engine dictates the architecture of a car.
With the Audi e-tron, this will change
because the new technological heart is a battery pack,
which is located in the floor of the car.
And this describes the main character of this car.
That's why we came up with the idea
to split the design of this car in two layers.
A bottom layer, which emphasize the score of the power
and the center of gravity.
It's very visible, it's a very exciting
and expressive designed rocker.
And in contrast, the second layer, the upper layer,
which is super sleek and light.
And this creates a really unique
a new character for an Audi.
And if you talk about the front,
this front gives us still a very familiar look.
But related to the new technology in the drivetrain,
the single frame, we came up with the idea
that the single frame is not a radiator anymore
because there is no engine behind.
That's why we came up with the idea,
what about we invert the single frame by color
to create a new look, but still a very familiar face
for an Audi, really new for Audi.
And if we talk about phase, it's very new phase.
The second thing I'd like to talk about is efficiency.
You know, for an aerodynamic, for a better electric vehicle,
aerodynamics is very important, and I'd like to tell you a story.
This car is best in class in aerodynamics,
and there's a very clear, simple reason.
Almost four years ago, when we started designing the Audi e-tron,
we had a first sketch presentation,
and I choose the four best proposals.
And I told the designers, I brought them to the wind tunnel
and I told them the proposal, the model,
was the best aerodynamics will go to production.
That's the result, best in class.
And aerodynamics is important because it will extend
or extend the range.
But there's something even more important.
Imagine that there's no noise anymore from the engine.
That's why you're very sensitive
to hear all the wind noises.
Because of this aerodynamic, it's even up to high-speed levels almost quite.
It's a complete new driving experience.
You have to try this.
Another very important thing is, there's one detail I'd like to mention.
It's my favorite detail.
And these are the virtual mirrors.
And these virtual mirrors, they improve not only the aerodynamic,
they improve the aesthetic and even the function.
And this is, you know, where Audi Design stands for.
Technology in perfect harmony with design and with aesthetic.
And that's why I really like this detail.
And I'm really proud how we integrate the rear view screens
in the architecture of the interior.
You know, we saw this detail, virtual mirrors,
on many show cars already.
That's the first car which goes in production with this.
And always difficult to integrate these displays.
We did it in a perfect way, aesthetic and function wise.
I think that's benchmark.
And if you talk about the interior,
The interior is like the upper exterior layer.
It's very light, very sleek.
It's very aesthetic.
It's floating elements with freestanding displays.
The layout is drive-orientated.
It's minimalistic, very functional.
And I would say that the whole interior
is an orchestration of shape, of materials,
of light and sound.
And that's why it's getting
almost a very holistic design experience.
And that's why I just call it, it's a smart space.
And that's why I say for me, that's e-tron.
Ladies and gentlemen, for us designers,
the US market is very important, especially California.
That's why we came up with the idea that we will have,
or we have a design studio in the US
located in Malibu, California.
It's called Audi Design Loft.
And this shows how important for us the US market is.
But there's somebody here who can explain to you a lot better than me
how important the U.S. market is for us.
It's a pleasure for me to introduce my colleague and friend, Scott Keough,
President of All of America.
Scott, Scott, the stage is yours.
Thank you very much, thank you very much.
Wow, phenomenal job, Mark, phenomenal.
Wow, this group grew pretty cool, the two of them together.
And look, a warm greeting from my side.
Worldwide tonight is of course a celebration
of our first electric vehicle.
And for here in America,
it's the beginning of a new chapter
in a story that really began 50 years ago.
In 1969, America, of course, put the first man on the moon,
and Audi put a different kind of spaceship on our roads
for the very first time.
From Seattle down to Texas, Salt Lake City,
all the way to Tyson's Corner, our first dealers,
many of whom are here in the audience tonight,
introduced Audi to customers across the country.
And for me, on Long Island, New York,
my father was actually one of those first customers
behind the wheel of a 100 LS and ahead of a curve
that would ultimately lead us to this very powerful moment.
The rise of the Audi brand in America started strong,
gained momentum in those early years,
but success clearly was far from certain.
So we injected a portfolio with products
that proved right for the times.
We invested in the brand in big ways,
elevating the R8 supercar to superhero status.
And in turn, dealers invested in their facilities
in the very communities they in fact call home.
The result, frankly, is an epic growth story
that rewrote the rule of three
to include now four very recognizable rings.
Today, Audi owners give us top marks
for customer satisfaction.
Consumer Reports consistently recognizes us
as a leader in quality,
and that is why we continue to break sales records.
But tonight, frankly, isn't about our setting records.
It's about setting the standard for premium electrification.
And with the e-tron, Audi has unquestionably accepted
that powerful challenge.
We had the privilege to collaborate
with our colleagues in Ingolstadt
to help design an electric vehicle that
would meet the demands of the American market
and prove, once again, right for the times.
And since Audi literally means to listen, they did.
250 test vehicles traversed four continents,
from subzero temperatures to over 120 degrees Fahrenheit,
to prove the e-tron is engineered for everyday convenience
at the first mile and for year-round adventures everywhere else.
In Europe, the results are in.
The new and rather strict WLTP numbers
give the e-tron a range of well over 400 kilometers.
Stateside, while waiting for official EPA certification,
we decided to see just how far our adventure might take us.
Not to make any claims, but to at least indulge our curiosities.
On September 6th, we drove an e-tron prototype
from sea level here at Craneway to South Lake Tahoe
across 175 miles on just one full charge.
Arriving with 12 miles of estimated battery life left,
a very respectable feat given that 7,000-foot climb.
Over a leisurely lunch, we let the e-tron fully recharge
and then with the AC crank, the radio blasting two technical wizards at the helm,
the e-tron made the 175-mile journey back to this very spot,
but this time it arrived with an estimated 94 miles of range remaining.
Now the difference between those two trips can be explained
by the most efficient battery recuperation system to date
that clearly optimized performance on the descent from the Sierras back to sea level.
In fact, our engineers estimate this system can be responsible
for as much as 30 percent of the e-tron's range,
depending on the terrain and braking.
As you know, actual range will vary
based on weather, road conditions, vehicle conditions or even driving style.
And a lot goes into determining EPA range and MPG estimates,
which I, of course, will leave to the experts.
But we are quite pleased with the results of our unofficial Tahoe test,
and you can rest assured we'll share the official EPA numbers
as soon as they are available.
Now, optimized recuperation is the type of smart thinking
that ensured our engineers could deliver a true and proper SUV
with room comfortably to seat five
and available max towing capacity to pull up to 4,000 pounds.
Now, it's also important to note our testing took us from 50 degrees in the bay
to over 90 in El Dorado National Forest,
yet e-tron kept its cool.
EVs have historically struggled
to maintain a proper operating temperature
during repeated acceleration or at sustained speeds.
So what did Audi engineers do?
They inserted a cooling lance
through the center of our electric motor
to maintain a very reliable temperature.
In addition, the cooling system
for the 36 cell modules of the battery
is located outside and beneath the cell chamber
so that in a collision, fluid drains safely below the cells.
Of course, Audi owners don't want to compromise performance
for safety, they expect it all from the four rings.
For almost half a century,
these expectations have been exceeded
with one very simple word, quattro.
And e-tron will continue that powerful tradition
with our first electric all-wheel drive system.
An electric motor located on each axle
distributes power in fractions of a second
to create nearly instant torque for control in almost any condition.
This unique Quattro system actually performs with the same driving dynamics
of some of the sportiest Audi models on the road today.
In boost mode, that means acceleration from zero to 60 miles per hour
in 5.5 seconds,
in almost complete silence, by the way.
Now, it may sound different, it may feel different,
but rest assured, your 100 percent electric driving experience
will be 100 percent Audi.
Now, before electric can truly go Audi,
electric had to go everywhere, every day.
And that's precisely what electric has done,
thanks to a few of our critical partners.
The arrival of the e-tron is timed perfectly,
with a 10-year, $2 billion investment
being made in this country's charging infrastructure
by Electrify America.
By July of 2019, Electrify America will have nearly 500 fast-charging sites
complete or under development
throughout 40 states and 17 top metro markets.
Here in California, that includes 160 ultrafast-charging sites,
with 40 in the Bay Area alone.
Over 2,000 chargers will be located no more than 120 miles apart
on highways across this vast country,
providing up to 150 kilowatts
to charge the e-tron's 95-kilowatt-hour battery
as much as 80 percent in roughly 30 minutes.
And so tonight, I'm excited to announce a nationwide Audi charging plan
powered by Electrify America.
All U.S. Audi e-tron owners will receive 1,000-kilowatt hours of charging
at Electrify America sites over four years of ownership.
And since the map that only illustrated the first round of Electrify's investment,
their range confidence will only continue to increase on the open road in the years ahead.
Now, what about charging your e-tron at home?
Well, frankly, we've made that as easy as shopping on Amazon.
Literally.
I am equally excited to announce for the US,
Audi Home Charging powered by Amazon Home Services.
Their first collaboration with an automaker to deliver turnkey in-home charging.
This premium approach to home charging includes
transparent upfront pricing,
installation by vetted and qualified electricians,
backed, of course, by Amazon's Happiness Guarantee.
Of course, the experience wouldn't be complete
until we've heard from Alexa.
Starting with the Audi e-tron and available globally,
Alexa will be along for the ride to help simplify your life
through your Audi Data Connect plan,
linking your life outside e-tron
to the moments spent inside.
Alexa, are you ready?
Scott, I'm ready when you are.
Very cool. So there you have it.
Electric is going everywhere, every day,
with the Audi e-tron.
Now, there are two other questions
I'm sure many of you would want to ask, Alexa,
and that is simply, how much and when can I get one?
The e-tron will begin arriving at American dealerships
in the second quarter of 2019,
taking its place in our stunning portfolio.
at the right size and the right price
to strike at the heart of the premium SUV market
in a fastest-growing segment.
Ladies and gentlemen, in the United States,
our first fully electric vehicle
will start at an MSRP of $74,800
before any federal tax credits.
And as you can see here, extremely well equipped.
Some of you may have noticed a few interesting details
on the e-tron I arrived in,
From the Daytona gray finish
to those orange brake calibers,
well meet the Edition 1,
a special design for the first 999 e-trons
built for America.
Extremely, extremely cool car.
So, when can you get one?
Well, over the last 48 hours,
we gave loyal Audi owners and hand raisers
an early opportunity to reserve an e-tron.
I'm happy to say some of the first reservations
belong to the absolute best of the tech
and business communities
In fact, many of them are here in the crowd tonight.
Now, though, it's your turn.
I am thrilled to announce the reservation system
for the e-tron is now officially open at AudiUSA.com
and Audi dealerships across the country.
Speaking of, we are, of course,
just up the road from Silicon Valley.
And we often hear it's only places like this
that innovation happens,
or that you have to be lean and nimble
to truly start a revolution.
Well, we agree, sort of.
For 50 years, our now 302 dealer partners
have been the heart and soul of Audi in America.
Local businesses, lean and nimble enough to innovate
as new products and technologies arrived.
There, when customers needed them to ease the transition
into whatever brave new world we at Audi were entering.
And I thank each and every one of them and their employees,
including more than 3,500 trained Cervic technicians
who will remain our competitive advantage
as we enter a future where electric has full stop gone Audi.
Together, together, we are absolutely ready
because every e-tron rolling off the line
at our stunning plant in Brussels
is proof that that future is now.
And when Audi has delivered on its promise
of premium electric leadership,
it will be proof that tonight, in fact,
was only the very beginning.
Thank you very, very much.
Thank you.
Thank you, Scott, for your vision and your great presentation,
and for sharing an exciting vision for premium electrification.
Ladies and gentlemen,
now is clearly the time for electric to go out here in the US
and around the world.
The investment Electrify America is making
mirrors what is happening in other major markets.
In China, our customers will benefit
benefit from a strong charging network.
And in Europe, we will offer our customers
the e-tron charging service.
Under one contract, they will get access
to more than 72,000 public charging points,
including the high-power charging network of IONITY.
Raine's anxiety will become a thing of the past.
And the open road, you'll know exactly
where a charge is ready and waiting.
But in most cases of everyday life,
you will not wait for a car to charge at all,
because you will regain power at locations
that you never filled up your gas tank,
and that's at home and at work.
So on most of your trips,
you will start with a full battery.
Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, it all has begun,
with our first electric vehicle,
the world's first true electric SUV,
injected by our Audi DNA.
And from my point of view, I'm objective, of course.
The Audi e-tron is the best fully electric car you can buy
because this car has the highest charging speed
in the competition.
It delivers on our promise,
Vorsprung, Dutch technique,
with innovations like the virtual exterior mirrors.
It has electric quattro,
extraordinary design,
remarkable quality,
unique precision,
and sovereign sportiness.
It is 100% Audi.
Thank you for being with us
and celebrating this historic moment.
Enjoy your evening.
Thank you very much.
But if you could turn on with your fingers
and shut off all the noise,
just listen for a moment.
Can you hear it?
Extraction, reflect, rise, different angle.
Be the clock, control time and space.
Because if you want to push the limits,
to turn everything, turn the world upside down,
to be the game changer.
For us, change is not a matter of perspective.
At Audi, change is the transformation of perspective.
Take mobility beyond imagination.
This is our time.
