Welcome back to a new episode of BMW Today. My name is Joy and today's episode is all about
the new 4 Series. With me here in Munich is Christopher Weil. Hi, Christopher. How are you doing?
I'm doing very fine. So tell me, what is your job in the company? My job is head of exterior design
BMW. That does mean I'm caring for car bodies, for all you see here, but also for the details,
for the wheels, for the headlamps, tail lamps and for the kidney of course.
Well, about the kidney, we'll talk later on, but first tell me, what does the 4 Series stand for?
The 4 Series is a stunning car for us. It's kind of a brand shaper for the brand. It's sitting in
the center in the heart of BMW. It's BMW at its best and we wanted to divide the 3 Series and the
4 Series. So the 4 Series is its own character and we want to show this with this car here.
I like that very much and I also love the kidney, but a lot of people are asking,
Why did the shape of the kidney change so extremely?
Yeah, we at BMW have a grand heritage, let's say. More than 100 years of design.
And there's a lot of cars with upright kidneys.
And we took this theme and did a new interpretation.
And we did it by purpose. We think this is the right kidney for this kind of car.
I love the kidney. I love the expressiveness of that kidney.
But people from the community are asking always, where do we put the number plate?
The number plate, this was a tricky one.
So we looked at different positions, of course.
We said, okay, maybe it's asymmetrical, but it's always a bit kind of cheesy looking.
And then we had to look where to integrate it within the kidney.
And of course in this area here, you have the bumper face bar.
There's anyhow the bumper itself for protection.
So this was the best and the correct position for the number plate.
It's looking really good. On the street this car is looking stunning.
I already saw that in the BMW world and love it also.
What about the new laser light headlights?
The laser light headlights are showing of course a lot of technology.
You see the laser with these blue accents here.
And also there is some newness into it so they are very slim.
You don't see the classical eyebrow anymore.
we focused on the double round headlamps and also the headlamps are pointing towards the kidneys
as the lines do so this is the center of the car but here visual technology all together it looks
very dynamic yeah let's talk about the back of the car over there yeah the rear of the car it also
changed a lot it's a lot different to the 3-series so we are showing width here
we have a really extreme stance on the car and of course you see here black
details we have diffuser elements here this is the sport pack you see here but
also details like the tail ends are very focused very high-tech looking and
they're three-dimensional we have a shape here that's the L shape but very
dynamic also different compared to the three tiers. I love that 3d structure on
car. Yeah, that's very cool looking, very modern looking and gives the car a lot of presence.
Earlier we were talking about the C-pillar. You changed the Hofmeister kink. Yeah, we changed the
Hofmeister kink for this car, so the coupes should look different. It's all about dynamics of course
and we tilt it up the Hofmeister, we push it forward. So the Hofmeister, you know, the classical
one straight a little bit tilted in the other direction yeah but here like the speed of the car
the speed of the c-pillar is pushing directly on the rear wheel and this is looking more sporty
more dynamic as i can see you change also here the gap between the c-pillar and this part it's
called the delta right yeah this distance here we pushed a lot for it because if you take a metal
sheet and bend it this extreme it's not easy it's a tricky one okay and this was very important for
us designers and therefore we pushed hard to get this here. Okay then let's talk about the
side of the car. As I view the proportions are most important for sure. So we have classical BMW
proportions long hood we have the short overhangs very fluent kind of silhouette of the car and a
nice transition into the rear and besides that you see of course at the body side the wheels
super nice wheel design also here very new it's coming in a frozen paint cool it's looking very
very nice it's very structured i love the cerium gray caps on the mirrors yeah the cerium gray
is coming with the mp that's a special paint for the special pack but besides that we have a lot
of muscle here it's kind of a soft transition we have a crease line which is sitting a little bit
Yeah, it's lower. I like the side view here from the front. Let's talk about the interior design.
Yeah, the interior of course basically is coming from the 3 Series, but here it's a driver's car,
so everything is lent towards the driver. And of course color material combination here,
and the finish is very nicely executed. I love the dashboard here. That's new. I've never seen
that before? It is trim. This is kind of an alloy mesh and it's very reflective. It's kind of sparking
in the sunlight and it's also sporty looking. I like it a lot. And also the seats are new, right?
Yeah, exactly. That's the M Sport seats and they have kind of a classical pipe design,
also very modern, so there's kind of a nice stitching on it. The fit and finish is kind of
on a really high level. What about the M3 and the M4? Are they going to appear like this or are they
going to look very different again? Okay, I can't say too much. Just tell us a little bit. The guys
want to know. No, they're even more expressive. They look stunning, really stunning. It's
unbelievable. They are so strong and I think they're kind of bringing M to the next level.
that's really these cars are unbelievable. So let's go back to designing. When you started
designing this car, did you have any any car in mind from the heritage? Yeah, definitely. So if
we think of a BMW coupe, we think of the coolest coupe ever, that's the 3.0 CS. And guess what?
Here it is. Yeah, there it is. And that's a very nice car. It's showing our heritage. Starting
with the proportions we have a super long hood here you find the hood here as well modern
interpretation crease lines here which are exaggerating the power in the middle of power
dome like you find them here as well so um coming to the other details proportions i talked about
short overhangs also here even the blue so that's that's the fjord blue okay um and this car here
is the arctic race blue and it's very it has a lot of depth it was developed for this car
Oh, okay for this car and you see it's modeling very nicely so you see a lot of
sculpture here in every part and it's a very sporty color it has a grayish it's a grayish blue
which is i love that i would say wow yeah it's it's a wow color i would say it and also the
kidney over here is different yeah kidney if you compare this kidney to this kidney you find where
it's coming from. So this kidney is kind of higher than its whites. You see it here. It's a new
interpretation for the new millennium. Of course it should be very modern but the reminiscence is
there and also the double round headlamps which are kind of integrated in this black piece. You
can also find it here somehow. And also the kidney is tilted like that one over there. Exactly the
the short nose feeling you have here as well.
It's kind of the same car, but a few years in between.
If I ask you now, tell me two design elements
you love about the new 4 Series.
What would that be?
For me, it's definitely the kidney.
So if you see the kidney on the road,
and if you see the car driving around,
it's looking stunning.
It's really, it's kind of a heck turner.
The car is super sexy.
It's kind of muscle, not really,
It's kind of muscular, it's sporty, it's BMW as it should be somehow.
I love that because it's elegant and expressive.
That's very hard to combine.
It's super expressive and if you see it in person, it's way different to the picture.
Yeah, that's very true.
The second thing you like.
The second thing is, if you look here, it's exactly this fender here.
Because this is also new for BMW, I would say, this muscularity here that is kind of soft but still powerful.
and i think this is also a highlight of this car and yours your two favorite details that's
difficult i would say i love the real lights the new interpreted l shape i love that really very
much and i love the fact that the fourth series is so much different to the three series so that
is own character that's what i like really very much okay christopher so we talked about everything
actually about the car. We talked about the front, the back, the side, the interior, the design
development and also about heritage. Anything else you want to add? It's pretty complete but
I think one thing is missing. We have to see the car on the road of course and we have to drive it
to experience the whole package. Well thank you for your time, hope to see you soon again
and you guys out there thanks for watching and hope to see you soon again on a new BMW Today episode.
