Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome President and Chief Design Officer Peter Schreier. You know, this is always the best moment for us designers to see our baby unveiled. And it's a very important one for us, an important pillar for our brand. For 25 years already, the Elantra has been a key measure of our progress.
As our biggest success worldwide, Elantra is truly the heart of the Hyundai brand. And during every generation of its evolution, it has demonstrated the optimism of Hyundai. The very successful fifth generation Elantra won millions of fans by embracing eye-catching design in a family sedan.
For this next generation we have taken our very popular Elantra into a new, much more dynamic realm. A high deck contributes to the car's aerodynamic proportions, which brings a lot more tension into Elantra's silhouette. And thanks to a wider body, Elantra's proportions have a better stance, making it more grounded. Dynamic wheel arches.
enhance the car's athletic stance and highlight the 17-inch sport wheels. And looking at it head-on, the signature hexagonal grille connects Elantra to the modern Hyundai family. Its dynamic personality is also defined by slimmer headlights and striking vertical daytime running lights, LED, for an alert expression.
And functional air curtains reduce aerodynamic drag in the front wheel well area. So clean controlled surfaces accentuate its higher, slightly larger proportions which allow for more interior space. In fact, the EPA classifies Elantra as a midsize sedan. Always important to me is the harmony between exterior and interior.
The generous width of the instrument panel provides a feeling of roominess and all buttons and controls are grouped intuitively by function. The center stack is angled toward the driver at precisely 7 degrees, so for perfect ergonomics, everything is at hand.
And altogether, the all-new ELANTRA builds on the Hyundai legacy of continued advancement and progress by bringing new confidence and to end sophistication into a very important segment. The all-new ELANTRA reflects a wider range of drivers' personalities and lifestyles. And this is why we gave it a sportier character, like a coupe.
I call it a sports sedan, and we are all very proud of it. And now, to share some of the engineering advances, please welcome the Vice President of Corporate Product Planning at Hyundai Motor America, Mike O'Brien.
