I have fond memories of the 4th of July from my childhood and I have fond memories from even the last 10 or 15 years. 4th of July was always a big deal for us. We go to a 4th of July parade. Making hot dogs. Stealing fireworks and going off with your friends and firing them off. It's a very exciting holiday, there's no question about it. It's when your neighborhood came out of their house and actually spent a day together. We celebrated the holiday with not really understanding the holiday. Didn't know anything about the point of 4th of July, except the British people.
and that we were better than them. I don't know. Independence Day was independence from England and political ties. Freedom. And what is freedom? Freedom is choice. Independence to me is...
Self-reliance. In an essence, yes, I feel I'm independent. I feel I'm independent. I think I'm very independent. You're an idiot. Ouch. What are we dependent on? What are we dependent on? Gas and oil to power my car. TV, power, energy, my car. Pre-packaged foods, manufactured foods, fast food. Yeah, and I hadn't thought of that. And even money, just straight up money. I mean, I need all of it, you know, and...
I think by our consumerism and just our need to want so much, throw away lifestyle. That's not very independent. Why are we in this situation? I don't know. There's so many reasons why. I think our dependencies are definitely self-imposed. They want it quick, they want it easy, they want it cheap. We have a lot of pollution, we have a lot of waste. Oil spills in the ocean that have been detrimental to the fish and the habitat. There's this...
thick level of smog. Increased incidents of asthma. I worry about the air that my kids breathe. It can't be healthy for anybody. Consumers get whatever producers and companies decide they'll get and that's not necessarily the best choice. We're basically...
controlled by, and I'm sorry to say, our oil companies. Just on the wars that are being fought in the Middle East to preserve our entitlement to someone else's natural resource. They're not thinking of the big picture. The oil industry affects not only the environment, but consumers' choices. And so I'm just contributing at the end of the day, kind of against my will.
The power of the consumer is huge, and I don't think consumers realize it because we vote with our pocketbooks. I think we all need to step up and take greater responsibility for our own actions. We can have a house that's a little more eco-friendly, a little more green, and have solar power. Plant a vegetable garden. Wind farms. Buying locally, whether it's purchasing green. Just with something as small as recycling. If it's yellow, let it mellow. If it's brown, flush it down.
There's so many things we can all do just to change our lives. Of course the electric vehicles are coming into play now. Coming home, plugging in your car to a home that's powered by your solar panels. Wow. That really, that to me is...
An exciting feeling. Imagine never having to go to a gas station again. People are starting to get that we need to be more responsible. I enjoy change. What a wonderful thing to teach people on Independence Day is to end their dependence on these things that are bad for the environment, they're bad for health, they're bad for their kids. It's really cool. We're all in this together. Do it for us. Make the change. End Dependence Day. We have to. We don't have a choice.