It starts serving our customers with world-class products, particularly global products. In recent years, consumers have responded enthusiastically to our Fiesta in the B segment, our Focus in the C segment, and our range of pickup. Now we turn our attention to the world's most competitive segment.
the CD mid-sized segment. Our new CD platform, Vensil, will serve customers with one million vehicles annually, with at least 10 different models coming by the end of 2014. Among them is the new Ford Mondeo, which we will reveal in Europe later this year, and in Asia soon after. Here in North America, this vehicle will be the Ford Fusion, which presents a real growth opportunity for us.
One we are very excited about. Let's take a look together.
This year, American consumers will buy 13 million vehicles. Two out of three of them will start shopping for either mid-sized and small utility vehicles. Ultimately, they'll buy about 6 million cars, and nearly 30% of those will be mid-sized cars. The segment is large, and it delivers 4 out of 5 of the top selling cars in America. Car companies who want to make a name for themselves have roughly 2 million opportunities a year to get it right, and to win over the buyers who value reliability and affordability.
above all else. Two household banks did that for years. Each captured 15, sometimes 20% of the market throughout the early 2000s, with peak volumes approaching that half million mark. And then, some have changed.
Their sales volumes and market share leveled off in 2008. When the recession hit, they plummeted along with the rest of the industry. We all remember that. But what we might not realize is that Camry and Accord never recovered. They saw further sales and share losses more than a year before the 2011 earthquake in tsunami. Camry sales in 2010 dipped 31% in their 2007 fee. Accord sales dropped 28% during the same period. And this slide has continued.
Even with triple digits, then it increases in incentive spending. What's driving this?
Tougher competition for starters. The mid-sized sedan market has become the industry's most competitive battleground. Plus mid-sized car buyers today expect more. Fuel economy has grown more important in the past several years. And now these consumers say they're looking for products they can feel proud to own. 43% of customers who turn in a car and buy a mid-sized sedan say they just want something different. Reliable, affordable, and different.
The current company that unlocks the formula for bags could change the mid-size segment all over again. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Ford Motor Company, President of the Americas, Mark Armitage. You know, we really felt the time was right to change the way people think about mid-size cars.
And we started this journey back in 2006 with an all-new Fusion aiming to win more cashier from popular Japanese mid-sized fans. And even getting noticed in this segment is challenging, but Fusion won fans early on for its top quality and great vehicle.
Now, as the cornerstone of the vehicle in the Ford car show at the time, its profile and its sales really grew in 2009, when the Fusion Hybrid became the most fuel-efficient sedan in America. And that, coupled with its strong driving dynamics, helped Fusion win times. But the best part of Fusion's story, and why we continue to invest and innovate,
is in the numbers that you don't see every day. For instance, Fusion, and especially its new economy leadership, has done more in recent history to boost favorable opinion of the Ford brand more than any other car in our lineup. It's also closing in on time and a chord for nameplate favorability.
In addition to becoming Ford's top conquest vehicle, Fusion has continued to make gains, both in market share and in sales. In fact, Fusion delivered its best ever sales year in 2011, selling more than 248,000 miles. Fuel economy, high quality, great driving experience, all key drivers to success in the mid-size market.
And for many customers, the real game changer is value. Fusion residual values have increased 35% in three years, and now exceeding cameras by nearly $2,000.
So, the new fusion is starting from a position of strength and really aiming to meet even more customers looking for reliability, looking for quality, leading fuel economy, new technology, good value for money, and yes, something different. Something different that will change your expectations about mid-sized sedans.
And no one can tell that story better than the team that designed and engineered it. Let's hear what they have to say. We had a tremendous responsibility to do a great job for the next generation, to put Fusion's right in place as the leader in this segment. I think the world expected us to just improve on the Fusion we have today, but what we've done is take it much further.
When we talked to consumers, it was very clear. They were looking for something a bit different. They need a car that will take them and their staff places it in the kit and safe and all that rations. Well, they learnt something else and that something else was emotional design. We wanted to have a silhouette, so it's something that you would see from a hundred feet away.
Detailing, stitching, steering wheel, even the cluster, you've got a combination of materials that are just right, like the perfect jewelry, the perfect amount of detail and interior. We work very hard to bring the maximum value to the customer, to bring the most features, the latest technology to the future. It's comfortable, the seats are comfortable, the driving position is great.
and the car forms well. We took what was a great product already, a mindful touch product, and we made it faster, better, and simpler to use. It is so agile, and the driving dynamics of the car make me feel like a much smaller car. As you start to drive, I turn that steering wheel, pull, then react quickly, very precise. Lane Departure Warning is one of those things that you really need to experience while you're driving so that you can actually feel the car give you a steer back into
on your lane. This is fantastic technology at a very affordable price. It blows away the competition. Having an extra set of eyes to help you stay in your lane makes you a better driver. The look speaks for itself. You sit in it and get a little bit unfinished. You drive it. It's going to feel effortless. It's going to feel like a driver's car. When you look at the details of what the customer features in powertrain,
Everything that it gases off, they're going to absolutely be floored. I expect inside cars to be fuel efficient and occasion stylish. Usually all one vehicle. Fusion is designed to exceed customers expectations by bringing together everything they like about inside cars. With the technology, the design, they will never stop.
It introduces a new basic floor with quality craftsmanship customers will see and feel inside and out. It is comfortable, quiet, and fun to drive. There is one area of leadership we haven't mentioned yet, game-changing viewing efficiency. The new vision gives customers the power of choice through the broad selection of viewing vision powertrains and mid-sized car setting.
Fusion offers the choice of two equal boost engines, a two meter equal boost, providing customers with an efficient performance option, with paddle shifters, larger wheels, and all-wheel drive, and a 1.63-meter boost, delivering expectant, decibel glass, four cylinder fuel efficiency, 37 miles per gallon on the highway, with a six-speed automatic transmission.
Plus today, we're introducing two more dual ignition choices for our customers. A hybrid and a plug-in hybrid. Because the fuel economy is big in an inside second. And our customers want choices that meet their driving needs. Listen to what we're saying. Today, the gas prices are high on the road now and we don't expect them to go higher. I'm less likely to go on long trips.
Now I would like to try to keep it local. Fuel economy used to not even factor into purchasing a car, but now it is a very big consideration. Fuel economy will probably be one of the biggest deciding factors that we're seeing. Fuel economy is one of the first that will get me by car. Gas prices are really continuing to be high. It has really shifted the mindset of the customer to get into more fuel-efficient cars. Yeah, many customers don't want to go all the way down to the smaller vehicles.
different customers want different things. And there's also different affordability levels for the customers. And what we're doing is giving them that choice. Giving them the choice of driving a great fuel economy with boost, hybrid, fantastic fuel economy, or electric drive, and hybrid in our future dimensions. They are going to get best in class technology, best in class efficiency, best in class fuel economy.
and they can analyze our stuff. Ladies and gentlemen, this is what we mean by the power of choice. 37 miles per gallon, they do this. At least 47 miles per gallon.
the new DG hybrid. And now, 100 plus miles per gallon equivalent with the all new DG energy plug-in hybrid. Fuel efficient, stylish, fun to drive, reliable, great technology, and good value. This is what makes DG like no other car on the market.
With that, I'd like to thank you for joining us today. We invite Bill, Mark, and the entire music team to join on stage. We got to answer all of your questions. Thank you.