Welcome to Lexus of Edmonton. We're located off 111th Avenue and 170th Street in Edmonton, Alberta. We're looking at a brand new 2015 Lexus ES300H hybrid. Runs on regular fuel. You have the black exterior, black interior, new Lex leather with wood trim, four-door five-passenger. This one is a touring package. So bird's-eye maple wood trim, driver's seat memory since the side mirrors and steering wheel, powered windows and locks. Side mirrors are powered.
Beneath that you have your blind spot monitoring button, the park assist, storage unit with a carpet material, trunk, hood and gas cap release, domino trip and dashboard lights, 10 way power adjustable front seats. We both have a lumbar support, bucket seats with adjustable headrests. This is a power tilted steering mode. It's leather and would wrap and it's heated. On it we have audio controls, Bluetooth, hands free communication, cruise control.
Display button is for on the dash, gives you some vehicle information and also direct tire pressure monitoring system. You have your engine start and stop button, heated and ventilated front seats, heat steering wheel button there. Drive modes, we have eco normal sports in the EV mode, traction control off switch, leather and wood shift knob. You have dual zone climate control, AC, front and rear defrost side mirrors are heated.
Lexus analog clock. Display screen houses your voice activated navigation system as well as your backup camera. Side mirrors auto tilt down in reverse and you've got grid lines. For your audio, you have eight speaker Lexus audio system, AM FM satellite, CD, USB, Bluetooth and auxiliary. You have your power tilted sliding sunroof with sunshade, overhead lighting, dual vanity mirrors on your visors that are illuminated, auto dimming rear view mirror with three integrated garage door openers.
You have your 17 inch alloy wheels, all season tires with wheel locks. You have your keyless entry with smart access, key lock prevention, shark fin antenna on the roof, rear cross traffic alerts, sauce heat recovery system, rear lip spoiler, backup sensors, brake lights. You have remote trunk release. Underneath here you'll unlock the trunk. Underneath the floor you'll find your compact spare tire and jack. You have cargo tie downs, cargo nets and overhead you have your emergency release in your handle.
pockets, ventilation ducts right in the middle, underneath of it you have your power outlet, child seat anchors and adjustable headrests, curtain and side impact airbags, and you have your fold down armrests with cup holders. You have your integrated turn signal lights on your side mirrors, puddle lamp lights underneath them, you can fold them shut, rain sensing wipers and your windshield wiper de-icer, LED daytime running strip lights, you have your fog lights, clearance sensors, and engine block heater. So come on down to Lexus at Edmonton and check out the new 2015 hybrids.
