The UX concept is a SUV so from the start we wanted to make sure that the car is having a strong appearance so what we did was making sure that the car has big fenders really to show a really rocked feeling and with the fenders as well we create really dramatic proportions as well. So the front fender is basically much longer than the rear fender. And why the long bonnet?
Lexus is a premium brand so we want to express premium proportions and we want the car to look dynamic but we also want it to look horizontal to give a stable feeling so not relying on just a wedged line but basically a more fluid sculpture which has more dimensions than just being
being a wedge car but what we did with the roof and the cabin was basically making it really compact in the front to express this driver focus oriented front and on the back exploring basically a new way to show space for the rear passengers and also what we really think the UX also has to express is the feeling of you can make a journey in this car that means also the luggage area has been emphasized in the cabin
okay and if we're going to talk about the sculpture basically we see from the bottom of the rocker it basically flows up to to the cabin okay connecting connecting yeah and kind of capsulating the whole cabin again and this is basically integrating the i would say the elfiness
feature which is the rocker for me as well and it's really flowing up to the to the creating a whole architecture of the car okay and what about these huge wheels that you know a lot of people have commented about the inspiration for those because they're really something different yeah is that something you know from a film or was it sort of you know did you have a sort of thing in mind when you want for those wheels basically the whole car is about inside out so we also with the wheels wanted to express
this inside out feeling so it's almost that the whole shell around the wheel and the wheel in itself it's kind of one piece okay there's no borders really it's kind of removing the borders so it's kind of a seamless seamless construction that's why we see bits of the car flowing into the cabin yeah exactly exactly so you have the fenders really going into the interior and you have the e-mirrors sitting in the fender
Can you see the e-mirror has ever been used or is that sort of, you know, is it more regulations that demands for the e-mirror at all? It's basically two ways. It's first of all creating a more possibility to have a clear view on the back, but also to basically make a design statement with a functional piece. So maybe Alex later with his interior, he will explain what this is all influencing with the experience inside.
Okay, so we've almost got a finished sketch there. Of course we want you to sign it, yeah? Take it back for the office. It's a really dramatic proportions. And you have the highlight floor at the end. And you have the suicide doors as well. Yeah, what about those? Do you think those will ever come into production?
It's another way of really trying to twist proportions again you really also see the back doors compact the front doors it's longer and it gives again these dramatic proportions basically you have the aero fins as well okay so not just
giving this typical SUV feeling but also giving the feeling of efficiency and I think Lexus has that. Are there any aero fins again? Just around the wheels. They're all sort of motorsport orientated. Yeah, exactly. And this also gives this contrast between the body which is very fluid and structured and then you have it more flat and more technical because Lexus want to be also an innovative brand.
okay there we go okay thank you Stefan so the car that's taken 11 months to design that was the beginning five minutes the beginning you can say that okay thank you
