We started the year with the launch of the all-new Lincoln MKX at the Detroit Auto Show. That vehicle is now in production. It's in our dealerships and the reception from the marketplace has been absolutely phenomenal. And then in April we showed the Lincoln Continental Concept at New York. That vehicle was very well received and it is headed to production next year. And here today we have even more product news to share with you.
But besides creating these beautiful products, the LinkedIn team is also focused on creating beautiful experiences for our customers. The progressive luxury customers are looking for something different, something more than just power and speed. They are looking for vehicles and experiences that are more human, more elegant, more effortless. That's what we call quiet luxury.
You saw the future of quiet luxury in the Lincoln Continental Concept, and here today with the first look at the new MKZ, we will share with you what it means to the midsize luxury sedan customers. The midsize luxury sedans are the largest segment in the luxury industry, and our entry in this segment, the Lincoln MKZ, is our highest volume vehicle. It has really fueled our growth in recent years. Here in California, for example,
Our sales have doubled since 2010. The Lincoln MKZ Hybrid accounts for about 30% of MKZ sales nationally. Here in California, that number is over 60%. So stakes for Lincoln are high. We must get this product just right for our customers. So what are we offering? We're offering intuitive technologies, effortless power, and elegant design. Let's talk about intuitive technologies first.
The Lincoln MPZ uses intuitive technologies to make the ride safer, easier, and more enjoyable. For example, our adaptive cruise control system is now capable of stop and go traffic. As the traffic in front of you slows down, the car slows down, and then it resumes higher speeds as the traffic clears up. Our pre-collision assist technology
automatically applies the brakes if the customer fails to do so in time. This should help avoid or lessen the severity of frontal collisions. We also observed that in stop and go traffic, having to push on the brake pedal constantly contributes to driver fatigue.
With our new Auto Hold feature, you don't have to do that anymore. Once the car comes to a stop, simply push the Auto Hold button. The car will remain stationary until you're ready to go again. At which time, simply push on the accelerator pedal. On the inside, the customers can enjoy SYNC 3 and our awesome REVEL Sound System. Now let's talk about the effortless power behind all these effortless experiences.
We are launching a Lincoln unique 3.0L bi-turbo V6 engine. It provides quiet, smooth, effortless power. And lots of it. 400 horsepower and 400 lb-ft of torque. And this fantastic engine is matched with other signature Lincoln technologies. Like the intelligent all-wheel drive system.
And finally, for elegant design, the car has a new exterior look, including the new Lincoln Signature Grille. On the inside, we've improved the design of the interior and the materials. We're also launching two all-new Black Label themes. All the Black Label themes have beautiful woods, sumptuous leathers, and suede headliners. We are also launching
a driver's package with specifically tuned steering and suspension. All of these fantastic technologies and experiences wrapped in a beautiful quiet luxury package for our midsize sedan customers. Now, let's take a look at the product itself. Ladies and gentlemen, the new Lincoln MKZ. Come take a closer look at the product. Myself and the Lincoln team will be happy to take any questions. Thank you again for coming.
I have a question, do you plan to bring this amazing styling to all your vehicles in the near future? Absolutely, so this will be the first production car with this design and then the next one will be the Continental which we already showed in New York and after that we will be bringing it to our entire portfolio over time. Thank you. You're welcome. Have a good day. Thanks, you too.
