Hi, I'm Mingjo Chen with Lexus College, and I'm here to share with you what's new for the 2016 CT200H. The CT200H is the only dedicated hybrid in the Lexus lineup. It's also the most affordable of all Lexus models. Its unique five-door body style is one of its strongest selling points, offering a compact footprint, together with 14.3 cubic feet of cargo space, comparable to that of a GS350 sedan.
As before, the CT is available in 12 exterior colors and 5 interior colors in a standard version as well as an F-Sport model, which adds exclusive styling and a sport-tuned suspension.
New for 2016, CT is offered in a special edition package that puts it in sleek atomic silver paint on the outside and black and scarlet on the inside. Only 500 of these will be produced. On the outside, Lexus has upgraded the CT's lower front grille surround to chrome, replacing the previous painted silver treatment. And the power tilt and slide moonroof is now a standalone option.
The CT offers a one-year trial subscription for the following Lexus Enform features. Safety Connect, Destinations, and new for 2016 are Enform Service Connect and Enform Remote. As before, the Lexus Enform App Suite is complimentary for the lifetime of the vehicle and a compatible smartphone is required.
In its competitive field, the CT remains very strong. For example, it's more than 10 inches shorter than the Acura ILX, but offers noticeably more rear headroom and cargo space. It has more front and rear headroom and an extra two cubic feet of cargo space than the Audi A3, and it's almost a whole foot shorter than the Mercedes-Benz CLA, but offers more front and rear legroom.
Best of all, along with its SULAV rating, the CT has earned an EPA-estimated rating of 42 combined MPG and runs on regular unleaded fuel, truly singling it out in its competitive field. So, for 2016, here's what's new. The special edition package, the chrome lower front grille surround, the standalone option moonroof, and Lexus Inform Service Connect and Lexus Inform Remote. Thanks for watching.