Introducing the Lexus NX. Originally launched in 2014, the NX now expands the limits of versatility with Lexus first innovations and class-leading features. When it comes to the NX exterior, notice how the upper portion of the aggressive grille and the front bumper fluidly blend into the hood and front doors. LED tail lamps inspired by the facets of a cut gemstone and available premium triple beam LED headlamps make for stunning design cues.
The NX interior reflects a true driver's environment that exudes a sportier nature and luxurious feel. Highlighted by the bold design of the instrument cluster, drivers will immediately notice the large available 10.3 inch Lexus multimedia display screen and the metallic satin finish that accentuates nearly all the controls and switches.
The high level of craftsmanship is showcased in everything from the impeccable needlework on the vehicle's available leather seat surfaces to the exterior door handle illumination. From fast-charging USB ports to standard onboard Wi-Fi with support for up to five different connections, the NX delivers innovation at every turn. For those looking for a more seamless driving experience and a smarter, safer way to use your iPhone in the car, the NX is Apple CarPlay compatible.
The NX also has Amazon Alexa via the Lexus Plus Alexa app. Drivers can ask to play music and even control smart home devices all while keeping their hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. NX versatility goes beyond boundaries with an available power rear door with kick sensor. Drivers and passengers alike will also appreciate the spacious interior storage and cargo area.
From the high performance and fuel efficiency of its hybrid to the available adaptive variable suspension on its F-Sport, the NX is exhilarating in every sense. The surge of the 235 horsepower engine in the NX and NX F-Sport doesn't let up. That's because Lexus engineers spent years researching, developing, and refining a turbocharger with advanced twin-scroll technology. With specially tuned components, this is the most responsive NX yet.
The available Adaptive Variable Suspension, inspired by the LC flagship performance coupe, allows the driver to harness the engine's power and communicate with the pavement like never before. This system can automatically adapt to changing conditions for enhanced response based on the selected drive mode. And it doesn't stop there. Deeply bolstered front sport seats hug you through the turns, while F-Sport exclusive Circuit Red Nulux interior trim boldly reflects its performance roots.
With two sources of power and 31 miles per gallon combined estimate, the NXH gives even more to the driver while taking less from the world. Pairing a potent 2.5-liter engine with powerful electric motors, the NXH delivers immediate torque and smooth, seamless acceleration.
Featuring an innovative all-wheel drive system designed to adapt to the angle or condition of the road, as well as an exclusive damping control system, the NX-H offers performance as thrilling as its style. Every NX features Lexus Safety System Plus, an integrated suite of class-leading standard active safety equipment that further expand the car's capabilities and the driver's peace of mind.
With dynamic style, precision-engineered performance and driver-inspired technology, the NX goes beyond utility.
