Welcome back to a new episode of BMW Today. My name is Joy and today's topic is the 4 Series Convertible.
With me are two experts Andy and Seungmo. Hi, how are you doing? I'm doing good.
So tell me what is your exact job in the company? I'm a senior exterior designer at BMW. I worked for
the Ford Coupe and the convertible as the lead exterior designer. Very cool and Andy what you
were doing in the car? I was opening the roof. Okay, makes sense. Tell me what is your job in
the company? I'm the product manager of the new 4 Series Coupe and Convertible. So you two guys
were responsible for that they cut off the roof of the coupe? Yes, sort of. Really? Yeah. Before we
talk about the design tell me how important is the 4 Series for the BMW group? Extremely important.
Okay. 4 Series is the emotional part of our company, so that is pure Freud am Fahn.
By developing the 4 Series, what was the main thing you were focusing on?
This is the second generation of 4 Series that we now have and we were aiming on a maximum of
differentiation, on a maximum of emotionalization of the 4 Series compared to the 3.
Okay, and you did that in the exterior, I guess, with design.
That is a very important pillar.
So I will switch to Seungmo.
Seungmo, tell me, what makes the 4 Series or the 4 Series Convertible so different from other cars?
This daring and expressive and imposing kidney grill does the job,
having two different faces between 3 Series and 4 Series.
Okay and the kidney is not only a design element, it's also some technical things going on there.
Yeah that's correct. So if we talk about the technical benefits of the kidney of the floor,
we have two different kind of sections up and down there. So as you can see we have motorized
air flaps here and also down there inside. This makes the perfect aerodynamic performance.
So this makes the technical benefits and the other one is all the sensors in the camera and the radar
are placed within the kidney grille for the first time. So which means the vertical and
large kidney grille was not only the design challenge but also technique challenge as well.
So I got it with the kidney. Tell me a little bit more about the design highlights of that car.
Yeah the design has lots of features in here and there so we just cover with the
kidney grille so now we can move on to the side view. Yeah. So we have very
simple surfacing so I would say maybe full line is enough to describe this car.
Yeah. So we have main character line here so I think the most interesting part and
cool part of the convertible design is you can see exterior and the interior together yeah that's
true you can see it at the same time absolutely yeah so the character line or what i mentioned
earlier yeah is repeated in the interior so oh yeah that's true yeah the section on the door
is used in the door trim and which is continuing in the second rear seat row and this is somehow
sharing the same theme. So the planners are even. It somehow is like offset it,
this is the kind of design term, so you copy and move in a certain direction, so
this interior and exterior has the same story, so it's a one holistic object. Yeah, it's very neat
and clean on the outside and the inside you can see that as well, that's very cool. I can see a
new color on that it's it's shining very very nice in the sun how is the color called it is called
sun rima green so i love this color personally so much how do you like it i love it it's full
of variation so this color is deeper and has much more opulent value in it so it accentuates the
drama of the surface yeah with the stronger contrast you can see the lines and lights yeah
Yeah, so it reflects the environment perfectly.
We're talking about the roof. The roof changed from hardtop to soft top.
Let's move over to the other car we have here.
Are there any other benefits than design benefits because the silhouette changed?
Andy, this soft top is called a multi-panel multi-layer construction.
Therefore, we were able to shave off 40% of the weight of the roof itself.
That again lowers the center of gravity.
Of course.
The most important benefit also is that we have a much better comfort in terms of acoustics and also in terms of temperatures.
That means this car is acoustically better. Definitely, definitely better than the
retractable hot top. Okay, and what about the trunk? That is a very important thing. Yeah,
because it's a soft top. Yeah, I guess it's again, once the top is open, the size of the top is much,
much smaller and therefore it takes much less space in the trunk. Then again, we have a lot
more space when the top is down, that is 80 liters more. Okay, that's very, very cool. And what about
opening and closing the rooftop? How long does it take? That is 18 seconds opening and closing. And
how much is the speed I can drive at maximum? That goes up to speeds of 50 kilometers. Okay,
that's very cool. So in the city while driving I can open and close it? Absolutely. That's really
very cool. Let me ask you one feature you love the most about this car. Let's start with you, Sumon.
Andi just mentioned about the smaller volume of the canvas stuff. So thanks to that one,
so we were allowed to have like you know a beautiful feature line over here, example here.
so Coupe doesn't have this one. Okay. So this line this lies on the Swiss spots for technique
and the design for both. So this one creating beautiful section here. So I'll pick this one
and in combination yeah with the Campbell stuff. Okay fair enough. Andy what about you? Yeah I have
to be boring there. It's also this mill soft top. No seriously it's not only the looks,
it's the weight, it's the weight distribution, it's driving dynamics, so it completes the picture
of that new 4 Series convertible. It only has advantages. Less weight, more dynamics
and even more comfort. Yes. Now one last question guys, when is it possible to drive that car on the
streets. I can't wait. Yeah, me too. Andy. Just in time for the next convertible season in March 21.
Very cool. Thank you very much for your time. I hope to see you soon again.
And you guys outside there. Thanks for watching BMW Today. Hope to see you soon on the next episode.