Welcome to BMW Today. We are here in the BMW Welt and today's topic, plug-in hybrid vehicles of BMW.
My name is Ede Weierter. I'm a product trainer and a driving instructor and today with me
is Peter Henrich. Hello, Peter. Hi, Ede. Nice to meet you. Peter, what's actually your job in BMW?
I'm responsible for BMW product management. What is this actually meaning in real life? Well,
my team and myself, we're trying to anticipate what our customers of tomorrow want, what's
exciting for them and then we're working with our engineering team and the designers to make it happen.
Peter, we are here in the latest arrival of plug-in technology. Can you please explain what
P-Hips this actually means and what part is it in the BMW portfolio? Well, plug-in hybrid vehicles
are integral part of our electrification strategy. From early on we have said electrification is the
the future and we have to apply full electric vehicles but also plug-in
hybrids for our customers, bringing best of both worlds together. The world of
electrification and combustion engines. So the cars have two engines. Exactly, a
combustion engine, petrol and electric engine with a battery. You know the
question that pops up in my mind is the range. People are always concerned about
the range. Well that's a great advantage of plug-in hybrid vehicles because the
The range is really long because you can combine the battery and the fuel tank.
Well, that's great.
Well, Peter, the second question that pops up always people are concerned about how do
I charge my car?
I mean, you know, is it complicated or how do I do this?
Well, it's not complicated at all because if we go over there to this new X5, you see
here the charging cable and that's all you need to do.
can use this plug plug it in either from a regular socket at home or if you want
to charge a little bit faster from a wall box that you can install in your
garage you plug it in the vehicle tells you it's charging and after about two
hours two to three hours it's full. How can I find those charging stations to be
honest in the city? Well we have on our navigation system and also on our
connected app a lot of charging stations located so you can always find the one
nearby. If I can't find any charging place you were just telling me that
there's also possibility to charge while driving right? That's true thanks to this
big battery we can recuperate the energy that is being generated by braking so
the battery actually fills up again while you're driving and you can then
use this for zero emission driving later on. One more question is well we see we
can see a few cars will this be the future in BMW will there be more plug-in
hybrids in the future? Well I'm really convinced that for a long time we'll
have different technologies in our vehicles. We call this the power of
choice because depending on your user behavior or also your access to charging
infrastructure for example, you have to make the best choice depending also on
how long do you drive to work. Do you go regularly on long distance trips or is
it more in this 50 kilometer range day-to-day then plug-in hybrid is
perfect. What would be my benefit if I change to a plug-in hybrid car then? The
main benefit actually is that you drive with zero emissions when you are in the
electric mode, of course best if you have also ecological friendly electricity
being charged and on the other hand once you need the longer distance driving you
have the combustion engine that drives you wherever you want to. The X5 here
that hosts a six-cylinder which is tremendously nicely but you combine this
technology with quite a various of engines. Yeah our strategy is offering in
in each of the segments for our customers,
the plug-in hybrid technology.
So you also see here,
starting in a compact vehicle like an X1,
or we also have the 2 Series Active Tourer,
we have this X5, all the way up to our flagship,
the BMW 7 Series.
All of them have plug-in hybrid technology,
but it's not the same in every vehicle.
The compact vehicles start
with a three-cylinder combustion engine,
then we have four cylinders in the three, in the X3,
and the six-cylinder in X5 and 7 series.
So you're not only combining the best of the two worlds,
you're also combining the best engine
with the best electric motor together
to make a very suitable package for customers.
Absolutely.
The customer needs to get the best package
for his or her new skills.
How about the sportiness of those cars?
You were telling me you know highlights of these vehicles
we can't see right now.
The 3 Series, the X3.
Well, talking about sportiness,
one of our first very prominent plug-in hybrid vehicles
was the BMW i8.
So the most progressive sports car of the world
was a plug-in hybrid or is a plug-in hybrid.
And a little bit of this sportiness
is in each of these models as well.
The advantage of an electric engine is immediate torque.
So we have in our most recent models
what we call extra boost functionality.
So the electric engine kicks in
together with a combustion engine
for quite emotional acceleration.
I can see you're getting really enthusiastic about the plug-in hybrid cars.
Which one would be your favorite out of these ones? Or generally talking?
Well, I did drive for quite a while in i8 and I loved the car.
But now as a father of three kids, the X5 is my favorite for the moment.
Peter, thank you very much for all the information about plug-in hybrid.
You're welcome.
Thank you very much for watching BMW Today
and I hope you stay with us on the next episode soon.