When it comes to the latest and greatest tech, the refreshed 2025 IONIQ 5 has you covered, starting with the upgraded 12.3-inch touchscreen. Now, this has been upgraded to our next-gen CCNC navigation infotainment system. It has an enhanced user interface with improved graphics and more options to customize. There's faster processing speeds and greater GPS accuracy, and best of all,
it comes standard on all trims. You're also going to get Wi-Fi hotspot connectivity standard on all trims. Now this is going to provide internet access to everyone on board without the hassle of having to turn on and off a smartphone hotspot. Now this is especially useful in remote areas that might have spotty cell coverage.
You get a trial period with Verizon for three months or three gigabytes of data, whichever comes first. And after that, it's just $20 a month for unlimited data. And fans of Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, you are going to love this next part because both of those now come wireless on all trims. You have access to your maps, your music, your entertainment without plugging in.
This is going to make it faster and quicker to pull up a destination, get turn-by-turn directions, and get your favorite playlist going for the ride. And for some advanced tech that can really help when you're trying to park, both the XRT and Limited trims have Surround View Monitor. Now this gives you a 360-degree bird's eye view around the vehicle, using cameras at the front and rear and mounted beneath the side mirrors.
Now it can be set to turn on automatically every time you put it in reverse or activated by pressing the parking view button on the center console. Now the surround view monitor can even stay on when driving forward up to six miles per hour and really comes in handy in tight parking spots, parking around support columns or maneuvering tight drive-through window lanes. Now this is just a taste of the cutting edge technology you'll be getting in the IONIQ 5.
Hyundai is really stepping up its game across the board and technology is no exception. It's pretty amazing what this car is capable of, most of which was practically unheard of just a few years ago. So if you're looking into getting a new EV or SUV, this kind of cutting edge tech is just another reason to consider the IONIQ 5.