The 2025 Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid embodies energetic performance. Backed by cutting-edge tech, this modern sedan impresses from every angle. With smart features that keep you connected behind the wheel, attention-grabbing looks, thrilling everyday power, and a dedicated EV mode for zero tailpipe emissions driving, this stylish sedan levels up electrified driving. Featuring three sport-oriented grades,
the Prius Plug-in Hybrid comes wrapped in an efficient future-forward package that brings excitement to the road.
Prius Plug-in Hybrid's lively performance thrills. Featuring 220 net combined horsepower, this dynamic sedan can go from 0 to 60 miles per hour in as little as 6.6 seconds. Multiple drive modes also allow you to get the most out of this electrified powertrain, while the McPherson front and multi-link rear suspension combine agile handling and a smooth, refined ride. This Plug-in Hybrid also offers drivers exceptional flexibility.
thanks to its rechargeable hybrid battery, which can be charged using a 120-volt Level 1 or a 240-volt Level 2 charger. Prius Plug-in Hybrid has up to an EPA-estimated 44-mile rating in EV-only mode for zero-emissions short-distance driving. Even without a full charge, this stylish ride continues to operate like a typical hybrid, making it a confident, versatile sedan. And with up to an EPA-estimated 52 mpg combined,
spontaneous road trips are encouraged. Regardless of the destination, this innovative sedan takes you there in style.
Aerodynamic and sporty, Prius Plug-in Hybrid has a distinctive exterior thanks to its hammerhead-inspired hood and standard LED headlights. The XSE and XSE Premium grades build on this sleek silhouette with 19-inch alloy wheels that amp up the sporty character. This eye-catching design also brings added function. Its available fixed-glass roof gives the cabin a sense of openness.
while the available solar charging roof is designed to charge the hybrid battery while parked, or help supply power to auxiliary functions while driving. This sporty feel also extends to the interior, where drivers will find plenty of ways to get comfortable. Foreman's inspired details meet a clean, modern layout inside Prius Plug-in Hybrid's inviting interior.
Step inside and experience its supportive front sports seats with red accents for a pop of color and the available 8-way power driver's seat with memory function, which is designed to conveniently save your seating position. A standard leather-wrapped heated steering wheel is designed to help provide warmth on chilly days. Plus, available heated and ventilated front seats and available heated outboard rear seats bring a premium touch to this modern space.
Additionally, the available Qi-compatible wireless charger keeps mobile devices powered, while the available digital key compatibility is designed to let drivers seamlessly access the vehicle using their smartphone. On top of that, the standard 7-inch top-mount digital gauge cluster is designed to put relevant data in the driver's line of sight. This plug-in hybrid's Toyota audio multimedia system brings connectivity to the drive.
Featuring an 8-inch or an available 12.3-inch touchscreen, it includes standard wireless compatibility for Apple CarPlay, which connects drivers to the apps on their iPhone, including Maps, Messages, Podcasts, and Music subscriptions. In addition, wireless Android Auto compatibility makes it easy to stay connected to Android devices and access various apps and services from Google, including YouTube Music and Google Maps.
Plus, there's a standard 3-month SiriusXM trial subscription that includes over 165 channels available in Cabin and even more on the SiriusXM app, making it easier than ever to enjoy not just ad-free music, but also sports, comedy, and more. Select grades also include trials for Toyota's line of connected services, including Safety Connect, Service Connect, Remote Connect, Wi-Fi Connect, and Drive Connect.
For an immersive listening experience, the available 8-speaker JBL Premium Audio System pumps out tunes in stunning clarity. Prius Plug-in Hybrid comes packed with advanced active safety and convenience features. Every grade includes Toyota Safety Sense 3.0, which includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection, Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist, Automatic High Beams, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Tracing Assist, Road Sign Assist,
and Proactive Driving Assist. Additionally, the standard Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross Traffic Alert and Safe Exit Alert are designed to help warn drivers if a vehicle has entered a blind spot, while the available Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking and Panoramic View Monitor are designed to help drivers maneuver in tight spaces.
On top of that, the available Traffic Jam Assist system, which requires an active Drive Connect trial or subscription, is designed to help drivers navigate through stop-and-go traffic on controlled-access freeways. Finally, the available Advanced Park allows you to park the vehicle by simply pressing a button, highlighting just how future-forward this ride truly is. Prius Plug-in Hybrid embodies Toyota's innovative spirit wrapped in a sleek, futuristic package.
This icon combines an invigorating drive with unmistakable style and advanced tech that impresses. And every Prius plug-in hybrid includes ToyotaCare, which provides 2 years or 25,000 miles of scheduled maintenance, whichever comes first, and 3-year unlimited mileage of 24-hour roadside assistance. Plus, a hybrid system warranty for 8 years or 100,000 miles, whichever comes first,
and a 10-year or 150,000-mile hybrid battery warranty, whichever comes first, making this legendary liftback a strong choice for long-term ownership. With these factors considered, Prius Plug-in Hybrid redefines what's expected from an innovative electrified vehicle. Want to learn more? Check out toyota.com.